As follows, information generated from various internet sources:

One of the most important things to keep in mind when trading on Roblox is to always be aware of the current market conditions. This means keeping an eye on the prices of items, as well as keeping track of which items are in high demand.

One great way to stay informed about the current market conditions is to join trading groups on Roblox. These groups are a great resource for finding out about new items, as well as for getting tips and advice from experienced traders.

Another important aspect of trading on Roblox is to have a good understanding of the different types of items available. For example, there are virtual currency items, such as Robux, which can be used to purchase other items, and there are also virtual items, such as clothing and accessories, which can be used to customize your avatar.

When it comes to trading, it’s also important to have a good understanding of how to value items. This means knowing how much an item is worth in terms of Robux, as well as how much it is worth in terms of other items.

In addition to these tips, it’s also important to remember to always be honest and fair when trading with others. This means being upfront about the condition of an item, as well as being willing to negotiate a fair price.

Here are a few more tips and advice to help you become a successful trader on Roblox:

Make sure to have good communication skills when trading with others. This means being clear and concise in your messages and being willing to listen to and consider the other person’s perspective.
Be patient. Trading on Roblox can be a slow process, so don’t get discouraged if it takes a while to find the right deal or trade.
Be open to different types of trades. While you may be primarily interested in trading for Robux, don’t be afraid to consider trading for other types of virtual items, such as clothing or accessories.
Be aware of scams. Unfortunately, there are many scammers on Roblox who will try to take advantage of unsuspecting traders. Be sure to do your research and only trade with reputable users.
Keep good records of your trades. This will help you stay organized and keep track of what you’ve traded, as well as who you’ve traded with.
Always be willing to negotiate. Trading is all about finding a mutually beneficial deal, and this often means being willing to compromise and negotiate.
Keep an open mind. Roblox is a constantly changing virtual world, and new items and features are added all the time. Be open to trying new things and experimenting with different trading strategies.
By following these tips, you’ll be well on your way to becoming a successful trader on Roblox. Remember to be patient, communicate effectively, and always be open to new opportunities. Happy trading!

So before I get started, on Roblox, users can trade items to other users for more items or Robux. NOTE: To be able to trade items on Roblox, both of the users that are trading with need Builders Club. So this guide for those BC players.

     So after you get Builders Club, you will unlock features that NBC (Non-Builders Club) players will not have. One of these features is the ability to trade items called Limiteds. Some players on Roblox have earned millions of Robux just by trading. Before you start trading you need to get some Robux to buy your first Limited. You can get it by earning them or buy straight up buying them. You will need around 300-400 Robux to start your journey. After you get the Robux you would go to the Catalog and go to Collectibles and sort it to "Price (Low to High)". Buy something that interests you and think that other players would want. After you bought an item, you can start trading!

     To trade the item you can go to a game called Trade Hangout. It is a game where other traders hang out and offer trades. You can see other people's items by clicking on the player in the game.  I would recommend finding someone with an item that has a little more RAP (Recent Average Price) than your item. Ask the person with the item and ask them, "Can I have (their item name) for my (your item name)".  They may send you a trade request. Or you can send the request by going to the player's profile and click "Trade Items". You get notified when you get new trade requests in your messages. You can repeat these methods to "upgrade" your items. There are other things that go into good items to trade for like value and demand. They are important when you are mostly dealing with items worth more than 1k RAP. There is a site that can give you that information, it's called rbx.rocks and it can help you decide a trade is good. If you have OBC (Outrageous Builders Club) you can cash out Robux you earn to real life money with DevEx.



Some Tips:
There is a lot of bad trades, don't be afraid to decline the trade.
When trades include Robux, Roblox takes a 30% cut.
Don't always rely on RAP, it's not always the best to judge on.
Trade a lot, after you trade a lot you will learn how to get better.
Join a trading group, it is useful for getting a lot of requests.

Words You Should Know:
RAP: Recent Average Price, it is how much that item sells for.
Value: How much the item is worth based on the amount sold.
Demand: How many times the item gets bought in the catalog.

Today you are going to know about how to trade in Roblox and other things that you need to know about Roblox trading. Are you ready to go on?

First of all, you have to be premium or you have to upgrade your builder’s club. The pricing for the classic builder’s club bundle is roughly $6 monthly. After you  have upgraded your builder's club, you will need to buy some products to begin the trade, so start there.

How to buy items in Roblox?
If you have Roblox go to the catalog. If you do not have Roblox, get some first.
You can easily find collectible objects by going to the collectibles, which are the ones you'll need for trade.
The good news is that, if you do not have a lot of money with you, you can simply get some Roblox. They are so much cheaper. You can have 400 Robux for around $5.00. However, buying Roblox is the first thing you need to do before starting to trade.

If you order collectibles, you can click on relevance and go to see the lowest items in the catalog. You might be able to snipe a few items for pieces, such as a couple of eggs or something similar. Eggs will always get trades, even if it is low on the wrap.

How to buy items in Roblox
How to trade Roblox from a profile?
To begin, you must have a premium, which is similar to the new builder's club.

Go to the profile. Type their username on the search bar for this.
Press three squares on the desktop in the right corner to access trade products.
The trade tab will open when you click on trade items to select. Simply select their things, and negotiate a fair price.
You can always add some Robux to your offer to improve it.
Review your trade.
When you're happy with your trade offer, click the Make Offer button to submit it.
Change settings to enable trading
You cannot just start trading. Before start trading, you should do two things. First, you need to have a Roblox Premium Membership. The other thing is that you need to change your account settings.

There are three ways that you can get a premium membership.

$4.99 with 450 Robux
$9.99 with 1000 Robux
$19.99 with 2,200 Robux
Go to your Roblox privacy settings to modify your account settings, and it will ask whom you can trade with. Keep in mind, if you don't have any tradable stuff, your privacy settings will prevent you from being shown as open to a deal.

How to manage trade in Roblox?
You can either, accept, decline or counter the trade requests - How to Trade in Roblox
When a player sends you a trade request, you must answer by going to your inbound trade menu. After that, you're left with three choices:

Accept the request
Decline the request
Counter
If you choose to counter, you can modify the transaction and submit it back to the player to review. All the other options are understandable.

Current and past trades
Roblox keeps track of all of your trades in the form of a virtual receipt. To the right of the main page, there is a Trades option, which is where you would normally access information like your messages and inventory.

Since you first started playing Roblox, this is where you can see all of your inbound, outbound, completed, and inactive trades. This is also the location where you can respond to trade requests made by other players.

Trading System
The Trading System is an awesome feature for users with a membership that allows them to exchange Limited/Limited U items and Robux with other members. Both players will also need to have trading enabled through the Privacy tab of their Account Settings page.

 

Creating a Trade
To start a new trade with another player:
Go to that player's profile page.
Click the button that looks like three dots in the upper right corner of the box that contains their username and friends/follower information
On the menu that pops up, select Trade Items.
This will open a new page that shows the available items you and the player have to trade:
Trade_3.PNG
Select item(s) that you want to trade away. (They will appear in the Your Offer list.)
Select item(s) that you want to trade for. (They will appear on Your Request list.)
You can also choose to sweeten the deal by including some additional Robux, but please keep in mind that there will be a 30% transaction fee removed once the offer gets accepted.
Review the trade to make sure you like it.
Note: Roblox cannot undo a trade so you should be certain you are happy with the trade.
Click on the Make Offer button to submit the trade. Once you submit, a pop up will appear for you to confirm the trade request. (Submitting a new trade will notify the other player via a private message.)
Note: The amount of Robux cannot exceed 50% of the current offer, calculated after the transaction fee is removed. For example, if you offer an item that is worth 300 Robux, you cannot add more than 150 Robux--post transaction fee--to the offer.

 

Viewing Your Current or Past Trades
To view your trades, do the following:

In the left-hand menu of any page, click the Trade option to go to the Trade page.
Select the list of pending (Inbound/Outbound), Completed, and Inactive trade offers you'd like to see in the Trade Type pull-down menu.
 

Accepting, Declining, and Countering a Trade
To view your Inbound offers, follow the directions above. 

Navigate to the trade you wish to review.
Click Accept or Decline for the trade as it is shown.
If you don't like the offer and want to change it, you can click Counter to edit the trade. Once you are happy with the counter offer, press Make Offer to send a new trade. 

Recent Average Price (RAP)
The Recent Average Price of an item is the average that an item sells for in Robux. This is visible on the Price Chart section of any limited item. When an item first goes limited, the RAP is 0. Once this new limited sells once, the RAP is equal to the first sale. After this, the RAP is adjusted at a formula of RAP + (Sale Price-RAP)/10.

Image

Value
The value of an item is based on how much an item is worth in terms of trading. A singular item's value can be very volatile and is impacted by many factors. Despite this, values are much more reliable for determining what limited items get traded for typically compared to RAP.

Demand
Demand refers to the desirability of an item. For example, the Valkyrie Helm has much more demand compared to a rarer item such as Memento Mori. An item with higher demand is typically seen as more desirable to trade for since they are likely easier to trade.

Upgrading (UPG)
Upgrading is when a user trades multiple smaller items for a lesser number of larger ones. For example, trading away your Classic Roblox Fedora and Valkyrie Helmet for the Yum! face would be an upgrade since you are giving 2 smaller items for a larger one. Trading 3 or 4 items for a larger one would also be considered upgrading.

Downgrading (DG)
Downgrading is simply the inverse of upgrading, in which you trade a larger item for multiple smaller ones. For example, if you were the one trading your Yum! face away for a Classic Roblox Fedora and Valkyrie helm, you would be the one who's considered downgrading.
A common misconception for upgrading & downgrading is that they refer to gaining or losing value in a trade, but this is not true.

Overpay (OP)
An OP refers to giving more for an item than its listed value. For example, giving 195,000 value for an item listed at 190,000 value would be considered a 5,000 value OP.

Lowball (LB)
Simply the inverse of OP, LB refers to giving less value for an item that is listed at more. For example, giving 185,000 value for an item listed at 190,000 value would be considered a 5,000 value LB.

Rare
Rolimon's classifies a rare limited as an item with 100 or less copies left in existence. This number includes copies that are hidden in private inventories.

Image

Semi-Rare
A semi-rare limited is a limited with a low copy total but does not reach the 100 copy threshold that Rolimon's holds to be considered an actual rare. There is no set number of copies that marks the cutoff for what is considered a semi-rare, but it is generally accepted that any item with less than 200-250 copies is likely worth calling a semi rare.

Lowest Price Possible (LPP)
An LPP is when someone purposely sells an item for an extremely low price on the catalog, typically 1 Robux.

Accept/Counter/Decline (A/C/D)
Frequently you will see these terms listed together, and they represent the options of an inbound trade. You will most commonly see someone asking A/C/D when they are looking for advice on a trade they are unsure of how to reply to.

Win/Loss (W/L)
W/L refers to winning or losing a trade. This is most commonly used when someone is gauging whether an inbound or completed trade is considered a win for themselves.

Proofs
A proof is when a user posts an inbound or completed trade. Proofs are what dictate value and are extremely useful to refer to when unsure of what an item goes for.

Value-Requests (VR)
This is a channel in the Rolimon's discord where proofs are posted. All value changes are made in correlation to the proofs posted in the VR channel, and this is where the community can post their proofs in order to contribute to future changes.

Image

Proof-Based
Proof-based items are items that are only valued based on proofs. These items are generally not influenced by their RAP, however more demanded items may naturally have correlation between RAP and how they are performing in trades.

RAP-Based
RAP-based items are items that are only valued based on their RAP. This feature is currently discontinued which means there are no items currently valued in relation to their RAP.
Image

An old version of the discontinued RAP-based chart, which showcased the RAP requirement for each value range.
Underrap
Underrap referred to a RAP-based item that had a RAP lower than the requirement for its current value. For example, an item that was listed at 10,000 value but only had a RAP of 6,800 would be considered underrap, and would subsequently drop if it had not recovered to the required RAP range in the designated time.

Overrap
Overrap is simply the inverse of underrap, which referred to a RAP-based item with a RAP high enough to require the item to be raised in value. Unlike being underrap, there was no time delay for an item being overrap and items would receive a raise instantaneously.

Trend
Trend represents how a limited item is performing at any given time. An item's trend is visible on its Rolimon's page and can be referenced as a reliable source on how an item has been performing and how it may likely do in the near future.

Unstable
The unstable trend is used for two different scenarios, which are:

A newly released limited is behaving in an extremely volatile way, whether raising or dropping
A limited has recently had a decent-sized hoard released, which puts it at risk for volatility
The gist of the trend is to show when items are behaving in unpredictable ways, warranting a trend that shows they are not currently stable.

Stable
The stable trend is the most common trend and is used for items that are generally performing average in comparison to most other items.

Image

Lowering
The lowering trend is applied to items that have either been dropping or have just dropped a considerable amount. Generally, items with this tag are performing quite poorly.

Raising
The raising trend is simply the inverse of the lowering trend, it is applied to items that have been performing quite well and have seen value increases recently.

Hyped
The hyped tag is given to items that are performing extremely well and are either currently pulling extreme OPs or have been consistently raising at a pace that is much quicker than average. This tag is currently discontinued and is no longer applied to items at this time.

Fluctuating
The fluctuating trend is given to items to signify that they are RAP-based, however since the RAP-based system has been discontinued there are currently no items with this trend.

Projected
The projected tag is given to items that have seen an artificial increase in RAP recently. When an item has the projected tag, it means that the RAP is inflated due to either an unnaturally high sale or a hoarder mass buying it.

Projecting
Projecting an item is the process of creating a projected. This entails purposely buying an item for an extorted price in order to artificially raise the RAP of said item. An example of this would be buying a Rubber Duckie for 1,000,000 Robux in order to cause the RAP to massively spike. Projections are usually short term and naturally fix themselves over time as an item sells, but rarer items may take longer or never recover due to how infrequently they sell.

Image

Sharking
Sharking is when someone lies about information to influence you to accept their trade. This might be faking proofs, having their friends tell you to accept, giving an inaccurate value range that an item goes for, among others. You should always be careful of the legitimacy of the statements your trade partner is making, and if you're unsure you should seek advice from more than one group of people.

Scamming
Scamming is when a user steals items or other valuables. Whenever you feel your trade partner is acting suspicious or requiring you to do dangerous activities like send them your valuable items, you should back off or have someone you trust around to spectate your deal.

Middleman (MM)
An MM refers to looking for a middleman/third-party user to oversee or hold items for a trade. For example, if two users are looking to complete a trade but one user is exchanging more than 4 items, they will need to complete this deal in multiple trades. A middleman would hold some of these items in order to take the risk of being scammed away from the users. Although this concept sounds swell, there is still a high chance that the middleman themselves could scam the users. Because of this, it is best to use extreme caution when using an MM and avoid impersonators or using users that you are not familiar with.

User Asset ID (UAID)
Item UAIDs are IDs that are specific to individual copies of limiteds. For example, serial 37 Super Super Happy Face will always have the same set of UAIDs that can be referenced. Every time that serial is traded, or the user privates/publicizes their inventory, a new data point will be created. UAIDs can be referenced to see the previous owners of an item and are frequently used to determine if an item is stolen or safe.

Image

Clean vs. Poison Limiteds
Poison
Poison refers to items being stolen or otherwise unsafe to trade for due to the risk of moderation on your account. The easiest way to tell if an item is poison is to check if the account you're trading with seems like a legitimate user, and reference the UAID of the item you're trading for to see if it was recently stolen or has been changing hands between suspicious users.

Clean
Clean refers to limiteds that are not poisoned and are safe to trade for normally. If someone asks if their item is clean or poisoned, they are just asking if their item is considered safe to trade for.

Plugging
Plugging is when users intentionally trade for stolen items. This is usually due to stolen items being obtainable for cheaper prices or LBs compared to what a normal copy would be traded for. Although this may sound like a sweet deal, the reward doesn't come without risk. Roblox frequently moderates or terminates users who trade for stolen items and your best bet for keeping your account around is to avoid any item you fear may be poisoned.

Copies
Whether a collectible item originated as a normal limited or a Limited U, it has a finite number of copies. After an item becomes a limited, new copies are no longer created. This means that the stock is capped to however many copies existed before the item became limited. These copies can be analyzed in different categories and offer a better look at the specific aspects of any given limited.

Available Copies
The available copies of an item represents the total number of copies an item has that are owned by users with public inventories.

Premium Copies
The premium copies of an item represents the total number of copies an item has that are owned by users with public inventories and that have Roblox premium on active on their account.

Image

Deleted/Hidden Copies
Deleted or hidden copies represent the number of copies of an item that are either owned by users who have private inventories or have been terminated. Currently, Roblox does not offer a way to distinguish between a deleted copy or a copy that is simply owned by someone who's inventory is private, so the number of deleted or hidden copies fluctuates often for most items.

Circulation
Circulation refers to the number of active copies that a limited has in the economy. For example, an item with 50 premium owners likely has only 20-30 of these copies considered actively in circulation. Rolimon's considers any item serial traded in the last 6 months to be actively in circulation, but often even the longer-tenured owners eventually trade theirs away. Circulation is always changing and is more of a guessing game than a precise process.

Let's Make a Deal (LMaD)
LMaD was a subforum on the Roblox forums that revolved around all aspects of trading. Before forums' eventual removal from the site, this was where most users would go to negotiate deals and discuss trades.

Image

Hoarding
Hoarding an item refers to users purposely amassing multiple copies, usually referred to as three or more of the same limited. Depending on the rarity of the item, hoards can have very large influences on how the item performs.

Sales
During certain times of the year, namely holidays like Memorial Day or Christmas, Roblox may host "sales" where some or all of the following would occur:

Certain off sale items are put on sale for a limited time
Prices for certain regular item(s) are reduced for a limited time
New items are released (regular and/or collectible)
Certain regular catalog items go limited
Some of the standard sales/holidays include:

President’s Day
Memorial Day
Midnight Summer Sale
Labor Day
Black Friday
St. Patrick’s Day
Independence Day
Halloween
Thanksgiving
Christmas
In the modern day, sales are very infrequent and generally do not happen. However, there are occasions where Roblox decides to host smaller versions of these sales, such as Memorial Day 2022.

Deals
Deals refers to the Rolimon's deals page (https://www.rolimons.com/deals), where current prices for limiteds are posted. There are a range of filters you can adjust and set to your liking, and this is often where traders with spare Robux go to get the most from their 'bux.

Image

Snag
This term refers to an item being listed on-sale for a reasonable deal. Usually this deal walks the line of being almost not worth buying, but cheap enough to where the buyer is still getting a reasonable discount.

Snipe
A snipe is a much more lucrative version of a snag, where the buyer is receiving a larger discount to the point where it is almost a deal that you can't resist. Usually a deal is considered a snipe once it is 40-50%+ off the normal RAP or value.

Conclusion
As you can see, there are many complex terms and acronyms that are commonly used in everyday trading. Many of these terms are accepted as normal literature for experienced traders, which may leave newcomers out of the loop. Lucky for you, now you can use this list to help define any you are unfamiliar with!


Roblox trading is a popular way to earn a lot of Robux if you are good at it, there are some techniques that you need to know to be able to trade Roblox items or so called "Limiteds". You firstly need to have builders club in order to follow this guide, you will also need to have Robux which you can either earn here for free on GameGleam or you can buy it from the Roblox store.

You need around five-hundred Robux (R$) in order to make your first purchase of a item, begin by going to the catalog and go under the subcategory "Collectibles", I recommend sorting the list by "Price (Low to High)" in order to find the cheapest collectibles items. Buy an item that interest you that you believe others are interested in acquiring aswell, do some research in order to make your first purchase a good purchase.

Now, that you have purchased your first item you are able to start trading in Roblox. To trade your item you should go to a game called "Trade Hangout", it is a game where you can trade and hangout with friends.

In order to trade with another player you click on other players, by doing that you can also see others peoples item. Now start trying to find someone that has an item that has a little more RAP (Recent Average Price) than the item you have bought. When you have found the right person, begin by asking the person if they like to make a trade for the item against your item. They may send you a request, but you could also be the instigator and initiate the trade with the player by clicking on them and going to their profile and clicking "Trade Items.

You have now hopefully made your first trade and earned a couple of Robux in the process, continue doing these steps and trade up your items until you eventually earn hundreds of Robux in each trade if you get good at doing it.

List of helpful tips to make your trading in Roblox more profitable

There will be plenty of bad trades offered to you, don't be afraid to decline them.
If you trade a lot, you will get more experience doing it. You may do one or two bad trades before you understand the concept better.
Join a Roblox trading group, could be a great way to make some deals.
There are scammers out there, don't agree to do anything outside of the game.


I used to trade quite a bit, and one thing that I discovered (and ended up hating) was that you need to conform and blend with the community. Keep up with hot items, since RAP trading is very easy especially when it's something popular. Value trading is tough for sure, though, since people like to just pull numbers out of their ass.

And don't be discouraged by the community. Understand that ROBLOX is a game for a younger audience, and that the goal for a lot of traders is to not just have cool things (as one might expect) but to have more than they know what to do with. When you're going through it, lots of people can be real assholes to you, it's just way easier (in my experience) to not do business with them than it is to try and negotiate.

In short, I'd try and just stick to gathering and trading very popular items, because they can be very profitable.

The bummer with the Trading System is that not all items can be traded away. The only items you can trade are as follows:

Limited Items: items sold by Roblox that are only available for a limited time and will never be sold again in the catalog
Limited Unique Items: items sold by Roblox with a limited quantity and come equipped with a serial number upon purchase
Robux: the currency in Roblox
This is because the Trading System was created for collectors who were interested in gathering all of the specialty items from the game. You cannot trade items that you earned in certain games, free items earned through promo codes, and items created by other users also cannot be used.

Change Your Settings To Enable Trading
Roblox Enable Trading
How do you start trading with other players? That is the big question, but first, you must do two things:

Have a Roblox Premium Membership
Change Your Account Settings
RELATED: 
Roblox: 10 Ways To Get Robux

The Roblox Premium Membership has three tiers that give you a monthly stipend of Robux, and the memberships are as follows:

$4.99 per month with 450 Robux
$9.99 per month with 1,000 Robux
$19.99 per month with 2,200 Robux
You can change your account settings by going to your privacy settings on Roblox, and it will ask who you can trade with. However, keep in mind that your privacy settings will automatically not show you open to a trade if you lack tradable items.

How To Create A Trade
Princess Tycoon in Roblox
If you want to be the one to initiate a trade with another player, then there are a few steps you have to follow.

1. Go To The Player's Profile Page
Go to their profile page to start a trade in Roblox
This can be done by typing their username into the search box in the main menu of Roblox or by searching the catalog for the item you want. Once you find the item, then scroll to the bottom of the page and you will see which users are currently selling it. However, make sure to check the RAP sheet for its average price so you don't get scammed.

You will then click on their name and on the top bar where their username is located you will see three dots. Click on these and select Trade Items to see what they have in their inventory.

2. Select The Items You Want To Trade Away Or Trade For
Trade Menu in Roblox
A new page will open before you with their tradable items, and now you can choose how you want to trade. You can choose multiple items or just one for either section depending on the value of the product.

3. Add Some Robux To Sweeten The Deal
Feature Image for Earning Robux in Roblox
You can always add on some Robux to make your offer a little better. However, keep in mind there is a 30% transaction fee once the offer is accepted, so offering 100 Robux will only give them 70 Robux. It is possible to just offer Robux instead of an item to trade

4. Review Your Trade
Review
Always triple check your offer before you submit it because there is no going back. Roblox will not do any refunds or undo any trades once they have been accepted, so don't trade away something you might regret losing.

5. Click On The Make Offer Button
Make a trade offer in Roblox
Once you are satisfied with your trade offer, then click on the button to send it over. A pop-up menu will ask you to confirm your trade one last time just in case you hit the wrong button. Now all you have to do is sit back and wait to see if the other player will take you up on your offer.

View Current Or Past Trades
Trade history in Roblox
Roblox holds onto a sort of virtual receipt of all of the trades you have ever made. There is an option to the right of the main screen called Trades, and it is where you would normally access things like your messages and inventory.

RELATED: 
10 Facts You Didn't Know About The Making Of Roblox

Here you can view all inbound, outbound, completed, and inactive trades that you have made since you first started playing Roblox. This is also the spot where you can respond to trade requests that other players have made to you.

Managing Trades
Inbound Trade in Roblox
When a player sends you a trade request you then have to respond to it by navigating to your inbound trade menu. You're then left with three options which are:

Accept
Decline
Counter
If you choose to counter then you can edit the trade and send it back to the player for them to assess if it's fair.

yo what's up guys trading is one of the
best ways to make Robux on Roblox
there's literally people who make
hundreds of millions of Robux and who
own the most expensive items in the game
just through trading personally I've
made millions of Robux for trading
myself so in this video I'm going to
teach you guys how you can actually
trade and make Robux in 2023 so the
first thing you need to know is in order
to trade you actually need Roblox
premium so you do have to actually pay
in order to start trading for you guys I
would always recommend getting the
premium that is five dollars this is the
cheapest one you don't really need to
spend more money because I think you can
start with only the cheapest one which
is the one that I use and I've never
actually bought any of the other ones
another thing you're gonna need is
you're gonna need some limited items you
can tell an item is limited by the tag
in the bottom left corner and also if
it's resellable by other Roblox users
then it's a limited item so you could
check through your inventory and see
what items you guys have that has that
same limited tag next to it or there's a
website you can use called rblx trade
which you guys can just go to and see
all the limited items that you own just
by searching up your username so you can
just search up your username click on
your avatar you can actually see exactly
how much Robux you're worth and you can
see exactly which limited items you guys
actually own if you don't actually own
any limited items what I can recommend
for you guys is that you try to get some
deals if you go to the deals page you
can see a bunch of different items
selling for really cheap so just try to
buy an item for cheap and use that to
actually start trading with so now that
you actually have a limited item and you
have ROBLOX premium you can actually
start trading personally my favorite way
to actually trade is in this game called
trade hangout where basically a bunch of
different Traders hang out and make
trades with each other so once you're
actually getting to trade hangout you
can see everybody else's items and see
what you actually want to trade for so
you can just click on the user and then
see all the items they have right here
and how much all of them are worth so
another thing that I would recommend for
you guys is you check out artist.guide
which kind of just goes more in depth
into trading more methods that you guys
can use and more specifics on different
kinds of Trades those people who have
used the artist trade guide and have
been able to make tens of thousands of
Robux just by following the guide it's
pretty accessible so anyone can use it
it's made for the average person there's
even been people who have been able to
get extremely expensive items like the
classic Fedora using the guide so make
sure you guys check it out so there's
actually a bunch of different methods on
how to make profit so if you're just
first starting and you have a really
cheap item what I'd recommend to you
guys is looking at how much your item is
worth and then trying to find an item
that is barely worth more so this item
is worth 157 Robux so I might look for
an item that's worth like 180. so this
item the part of unicorn floaty is worth
179 Robux so basically what I'm going to
do now is I'm going to look through all
of the people who own it through the
resellers list and send them all trades
so if you want to send someone to trade
basically you just have to go to their
profile make sure they have ROBLOX
premium premium and then click in the
top right corner and you can just do
trade items right there and then once
you actually find the item that you want
to give you can click on that you can
clip up to four different items and
Robux that you actually want to trade
then when you find the items you want to
trade look for the items that they have
that you want and send them out trades
basically the more trades that you send
out to people the more likely you'll get
at least one person to accept so I'm
gonna send out all these people trades
and hopefully I can get the party
unicorn floaty and make a little bit of
Roblox profit but basically I would
recommend keep trying this until someone
accepts and then look for another item
that's just worth a little bit more and
once you actually start getting more
Robux and your items are worth more
there's different methods that you guys
can do to actually make even more profit
so there's one method called the
upgrading and downgrading Method and
before you actually learn what that is
you need to know what upgrading is and
what downgrading is so this trade right
here is a downgrade because I'm giving
less items for more so as you can see
I'm giving one item in return for four
so that's it's a downgrade and this
trade right here is an example of an
upgrade where I'm giving you more items
in return for Less so basically when
you're downgrading you want to make sure
that you're getting a win try to get as
much Robux in return for your downgrade
as possible then when you're upgrading
you want to try to get a win as well or
at least give as little as possible
because normally when you upgrade you're
supposed to overpay but if you can try
to give equal or get an overpay in
return then you'll make profit if you
downgrade for a win and upgrade for win
you're gonna keep making Robux so
another thing you guys can try is
flipping different projected items so if
you don't know what a projected item is
basically it's an item where the value
is super inflated so as you can see the
best price on this item is only 50 000
but the average price is 220 000 so
basically somebody inflated the price of
this item and now it looks like it's
worth a lot more than it actually is
what you guys can try to do is get these
items for super cheap and then trade
them off for a lot more it's super easy
to find these items just go to rblx
trade they have a projected page under
trading you can see projected items and
you can see all the items that are
currently projected and try to trade for
some of these items get them for cheap
and then trade them off for more to
someone else once you start getting more
valuable items you need to start
worrying about the item's value so the
value of an item isn't the same as the
wrap or the recent average price but
instead the amount that it actually gets
traded for so for certain items mainly
more expensive ones they actually get
traded for more than the wrap so for an
item like the perfectly legitimate
business hat you can see that the
average price is 11 399 but this item is
actually valued at 13 000 Robux which is
a lot more than the wrap is so you can
use the website rolly mounts to check
the value of different Limited items
that you have as you can see the legit
is worth 13 000 Robux now this is not
the case for every single limited item
it's mainly just the more popular items
and the more valuable item so once again
an item like the emerald Valkyrie has a
wrap of three million 120 000 but then
when you check its actual value you can
see that it's worth 4 million so you
just want to keep track of your items
see how much they're valued at and how
much Tech should get traded for another
thing that you want to keep track of is
the demand of your item so the demand is
basically how often the item gets traded
and how popular it is the higher demand
of an item the easier it will be to
trade the lower the demand the more
difficult it'll be but also for the most
part low demand items are more stable
and high demand items change a lot in
value so keep all that in mind when
you're trading for items you want to
know what the demand is and what the
value is because that can really change
a lot about different trades so
hopefully between my methods and the
artist trade guide you guys are actually
going to be able to make tons of Robux

what is up you guys welcome back to the
channel So today we're going to show you
how to trade it's it can be really
confusing you've never traded before
we've gone from 5 million value down
here 5.5 million and now we're sitting
at 30.7 million so shout out to rolands
by the way they have a whole thing
explaining how to trade on Roblox and
I'm gonna read this off to you guys
there's a lot to go over so grab some
popcorn wherever the heck you want to do
or if you just want to watch through and
learn some more feel free but uh yeah so
it goes over everything there's rap
which is recent average price value
demand like this is the whole list I'm
gonna put the link in the description
right at the top so if you guys want to
check out yourself feel free but this
goes over pretty much every single thing
that has to do with trading and it's a
lot if you're new to Roblox first off
you do have to have premium obviously to
trade but uh yeah aside from that pretty
self-explanatory in this article but it
is a lot similar I'm gonna read it to
you guys just to make it easier some
some people don't like reading and uh
yeah so here we go well first off we
have rap the recent average price of an
item is the average when an item sells
for in Robux this is visible on the
price chart section of any limited item
when an item first goes limited the wrap
which you guys see right there the
average price which is recent average
price is zero once this new limited
sells the wrap is equal to the first
sale after this the wrap is adjusted at
a formula for app plus sale wrap yeah so
you guys understand that if it sells
High the wrap goes up if it sells lower
the wrap drops so
pretty self-explanatory I feel like and
uh shouldn't be a problem for you to
understand value value can be a little
harder to understand but it's pretty
simple once you get the the like the
basics of it so the value of an item is
based on how much an item is worth in
terms of trading a singular item's value
can be very volatile and is impacted by
many factors despite this values are
much more reliable for determining what
limited items get traded typically
compared to rap yeah so that's pretty
self-explanatory they usually almost all
items go for value and not wrap unless
they're super super small and then
normally they'll uh just go for a wrap
but you guys will get that when you
start trading demand refers to the
desirability of an item for example the
valkyrie Helm has much more demand
compared to a rare item such as the
momento Mori I've always hated that hat
by the way an item with higher demand is
typically seen as more desirable through
trade for since they are likely and
easier to trade that yeah if they're
they have more demand more people are
going to want them they're going to be
much easier to trade versus something
like Memento Mori which it has to be a
desired taste and not many people want
to offer for it upgrading is when a user
trades multiple smaller items for a
lesser number of larger ones for example
trading layer classic Roblox Fedora and
Valkyrie helmet for the Yum face would
be an upgrade since you're giving two
smaller items for one larger one trading
three or four items for a large one
would also be considered upgrading
downgrading it's pretty much that just
reverse downgrading is simply the
inverse of upgrading which you trade a
larger item for multiple smaller ones
for example if you were trading your yum
face for classic Fedora and valve then
you would be considered downgrading yeah
so pretty simple there a common
misconception for upgrading downgrading
is that they refer to gaining or losing
value in a trade but this is not true
not always normally though if you are
upgrading you will have to overpay but
you'll see in value requests here which
we'll show you in a minute that you find
a range that's pretty normal for the
overpay low ball well of course we'll go
with overpay but I just kind of
explained it but an OP refers to giving
more for an item than it's listed value
for example giving 195 000 value for an
item listed at 190 would be considered a
5000 op lowball is just the reverse of
that an items valued 190k you give 185k
you get technically a low Ball but you
have to be careful if things are
starting to lowball then they may drop
in price so be aware take caution
sometimes so you can just get a good
deal someone's desperate or they don't
know how to trade properly and you can
get a very good deal with a low ball
rares Romans classifies a rare limited
as an item with 100 or less copies left
in existence this number includes copies
that are hidden in private inventories
as well so there you see the domain
expectation on the text Dom has 14
premium 18 available so it would be
considered a rare a semi rare is limited
with the copy uh but with a low copy
total but does not reach the 100 copy
threshold
that rollerman holds to be considered an
actual rare there was no set number of
copies that marks a cutoff for what is
to be considered a semi-rare but is
generally accepted that any item with
less than 200 to 250 copies is called
the semi-rare lpp and LBP is when
someone purposely sells an item for
extremely low in the catalog typically
one Robux you guys have seen my videos
on that probably if not go check it out
selling an item for one Robux we were
lpping items and then seeing if Bots or
regular people would buy them
not a spoiler but mostly Bots except
counter decline a slash c d frequently
you see these terms listed together when
someone send you a trade guys they'll
say A C or D typically a slash D because
they want the trade either accepted or
countered and that's pretty basic when
laws refers to winning or losing a trade
this is commonly used when someone is
gauging whether or not they completed
trades uh if a win for themselves you'll
see you'll see this a lot in the
rollerman server and the trading Lounge
will put like w l and uh yeah people are
always spamming L's on it because well
let's most most trades low key that they
post in their L's no offense guys uh a
proof is when a user posts an inbound or
completed trade proofs are what dictate
the value and are extremely useful to
refer to when unsure what an item goes
for exactly so this is in value requests
on the enrollment server if you guys
want to be an actual Trader you need to
join the Roland server that's where you
get all your information for items what
they're going for you can even ask for
help if you if you don't know what an
item's going for and there hasn't been
really any recent value requests usually
someone will like chirp in and say yeah
it's going for around this and this and
you can get a few opinions of people and
what they're thinking so there's a
channel uh Roland's Discord server where
proofs are posted all value changes are
made in correlation to the proofs posts
in the VR Channel and this is where the
community can post their proofs in order
to contribute to Future changes very
simple you just go in get value requests
you guys will figure out if you know how
to work desk Group which I'm sure all of
you do so very very simple and uh yeah
so you can see right there that uh the
bay the black Iron uh horns going for
3.6 kop so raise the bed very simple
proof base proof base items are that are
only valued based on proofs these items
are generally not influenced by their
wrap however more demanded items May
naturally have correlation between rap
and how they're performing in trades
wrap base wrap base items are those that
are valued and based on their wrap this
feature is currently just going to just
means there are no items currently
valued in relation to the wrap an old
version you would see if it had a 4000
wrap it was labeled at 5000 value yada
yada
but yeah they discontinued it uh maybe
like last year sometime I don't know the
exact date under wrap underwrap referred
to a rap based item that had a wrap
lower than the requirement for its
current value for example if it was at
10 000 value it only had rabbit 6800
would be considered under wrap uh yeah
overwrap is pretty much just the reverse
of under wrap Trend Trend represents how
a limited item is performing at any
given time and item's trend is visible
on its rollerman's page and can be
referenced as a reliable source and how
the item's been performing and likely to
do in the near future so use that with
caution but uh because sometimes if a
item is lowering or unstable you can
grab it for a really good deal and then
flip it but you have to be very careful
when you're doing that because you could
get stuck with it and it drops a lot so
just be careful with that unstable If an
item is unstable uh yeah it can go kind
of crazy so these are the two different
scenarios that they posted and they were
newly released limited is behaving in an
extremely volatile way whether raising
or dropping a limited has recently had a
decent sized horde release which was at
a risk for volatility the gist of this
trend is to show when items are behaving
in unpredictable ways warranting a trend
that shows they're not currently stable
stable items well they're stable and
yeah it means that they're probably
doing decent you can definitely trade
for it and it's not too bad lowering
lowering trend is applied to items that
have been either dropping or have just
dropped a considerable amount generally
items with this tag are performing quite
poorly that is true and if you have it
some people will Panic trade away some
won't I don't know it really just
depends on the item to be honest
everything you can bounce back but uh
yeah a lot of people do tend to trade it
off when it's lowering raising it means
that it's raising and it's probably
doing really well
and it's going to be hard to even it's
going to be hard to get people are going
to want to have you overpay for even
more now the next one is the hype tag
they're performing extremely well
and they're either pulling Extreme Ops
right but constantly raising at a pace
that is much quicker than average this
tag is currently discontinued it's no
longer applied items at this time but
when an I know would get hyped I'd have
an item that was hyped and people would
send way higher overpays Ops as you know
as it is and you get good deals
fluctuating it's not it's been
discontinued there's that doesn't matter
anymore so projected this one is very
careful be very careful if you're new
Trader with projectors okay projected
attacks given to items that have seen an
artificial increase in rap recently
so if you see this be careful projecting
I'll just explain without even reading
all this this thing is let's say this
thing is worth 10 000 Robux someone buys
it for like this 916 000 it raises the
wrap significantly to 125 000 or
whatever and then people think that this
is worth 125 000 they'll try to trade
this rap item for 125 000 when it was
typically worth I don't know what this
is worth we're just giving a value of
ten thousand and so it used to be worth
ten thousand now it looks like it's
worth 125 000. they try to send it for
your item which is worth fifty thousand
they get a 40 000 win you lose
everything so be very careful of
projected items now sharking okay
sharking is when someone like this
happens a lot with trading okay Sharky's
when someone lies about the information
influence you to accept their trade this
might be faking proofs having their
friends tell you to accept giving an
inaccurate value range that an item goes
for among others you should always be
careful of the legitimacy of the
statements your trade partner is making
and you that's why you need to be in the
server you can ask people and if they
don't hate you or they're not top tier
trolls which most of them are that's why
you always look in value requests okay
always look in value requests at the
last like five ten trades see what
they're going for make sure they're
recent so you don't get sharked like
that
scamming do not get scammed bro don't do
multi-trade deals don't do it I don't
care how good it sounds never do it bro
never do it the only way I do it is if I
go first everyone trusts me so they
always go first with me
but it was not always that way I got
scammed before way back in the day like
2004 14 probably I got scammed and bro
never went first again never always made
people go first they never had a problem
with it uh since the reputation is so
good but guys don't get scammed don't
get scammed don't give don't click on
links on Discord like just be cautious
okay don't give anyone your password a
trade for you
just don't okay just don't a middleman
AKA m m and is referring to looking for
a middleman and third-party users to
oversee or hold items in a trade for
example if you're doing a mass trade
which is more than the uh four item
slots you can have uh it's a four still
I think it is four I was like thinking
it's five for some reason but yeah more
than four items they will need to
complete the deal on multiple trades
which I was saying don't do multi-trade
deals I personally wouldn't even trust
middlemen
um that's just me though the middleman
could just take your money and run and
just sell all those items on the black
market your items in the black market
make a couple Grand and then you're left
with nothing you have nothing your
Roblox trading career is practically
done so exactly this says to a high
chance that the middleman could scam the
users
I got exactly so in my opinion I
wouldn't even bother okay now this is
important as well user asset IDs uaids
they are specific to individual copies
of limiteds for example serial number 37
super super happy face will always have
the same set of uaids that can be
referenced every time that serial is uh
that the serial is traded or the user
private slash publicizes their inventory
a new data point will be created uaids
can be a reference to see the previous
owners of an item okay so look here here
is the UA ID of my red sparkle time
Fedora problem owned it before me and
before that talking potato this is
people either privating their inventory
or whatnot but uh yeah so that's pretty
simple it just shows where it's been and
you want to check and click on them and
check their graph which is right here
and make sure that's not going up and
down like this because you could easily
fall for an item that has been uh hacked
hacked items scammed items so you want
to be careful of that we'll get into
that right now clean versus Poison
limited poison refers to an item being
stolen or otherwise unsafe to trade for
due to the risk of moderation on your
account the easiest way to tell the name
is poisoning to check the account you're
trading with seems like a legitimate
user in reference the UA ID just as I
was explaining it's pretty simple
cleaner first limits that are not poison
and are safe to trade for normally if
someone asks their item is cleaner
poison they're just asking if the item
is considered safe to trade Roblox will
ban you sometimes if even if you get a
small item that's poison normally it is
bigger but I still wouldn't take the
risk of fire with you guys plugging is
when a user intentionally trades for
stolen items this is usually due to
Stone items being attainable for cheaper
prices or low balls as we went over
before compared to what a normal copy
would be traded for although this may
sound like a sweet deal the reward
doesn't come without risk Roblox
frequently moderates or terminated
videos you trade for stolen items and
it's best to keep your account safe and
avoid that and sometimes you'll trade
for it you'll give two million value
let's say like you get a crazy deal on
like black Sparkle Tom Fedora or
something like that because I'm pretty
sure that goes like really high now and
you get a crazy low ball for it and you
trade for it your account doesn't get
terminated but they just take away the
black sprocket on Fedora and you're left
with a negative 2 million value now
that's a best case scenario worst case
says they terminate your account well
actually best case is you get to keep
Titans but I wouldn't recommend it
because sometimes they do go kind of
crazy and delete people now this is for
copies this is this is I feel like this
is so basic I don't need to do over it
copies or how many copies are on Roblox
premium is how many premium users have
the item so
deleted slash hidden it pretty much is
represent the number of copies that are
either owned by users who had private
inventories or have been terminated
Roblox does not offer a way to
distinguish between a deleted copy or
one that is uh privated so
yeah there we go circulation refers to
the number of active copies that a
limited has in the economy for example
an item with 50 premium owners likely
has 20 to 30 of these considered
actively in circulation enrollment
considers any item serial trade in the
last six months to be actively in
circulation but often even the longer
tenant owners eventually trade theirs
away circulation has always changed and
it's more of a guessing game than a
precise exactly
Let's Make a Deal this one just kind of
this is what this was bro I was on let's
video all the time I had like 40 000
posts on here it was all uh revolved
around aspects of trading items Etc as
you can see here I was always on here
doing the forums with items and trading
and things of that nature so
that's what lmad was but rip it's gone I
miss it hoarding an item refers to uses
purposely amassing multiple copies so if
you guys didn't know I used to horde
playful vampire hordes can work great or
they can totally crumble I picked up a
bunch of playful vampires for 30 to 35k
and I traded them almost all off between
80 and 75k so I made like great profit
there we had like 97 of them so you can
do the math we made a lot of value but
it is risky
it yeah and it like it says it can
influence how the item performs and once
you start trading away those hordes the
item type typically drops because more
are getting into circulation
sales
okay sales we just mostly get limited
releases now during certain times of the
year and namely holidays like Memorial
Day or Christmas Roblox May host sales
which some of you following would occur
certain offset items are put on sale for
limited time only happen a few times
since they came back prices for certain
regular items are reduced new items are
created and or collectible not generally
now uh certain regular catalog items are
limited these are typically the days
that they'll have sales right there and
Modern Day sales are very infrequent and
generally do not happen however there
are occasions when Roblox decided to
host a smaller version such as Memorial
Day 2022 deals you can grow to
rolands.com forward slash deals right
here and you can find deals on specific
items that are good deals but you want
to be careful because something could
have a very high wrap as we discussed
before the projected and they put it up
for what seems to be a good deal if you
just buy it super quick you don't know
what you're doing you just lost Robux so
just be cautious a snag refers to an
item for a reasonable deal you'll just
deal walks the lineup being almost not
worth buying but cheap enough to where
you may still be able to get some profit
snipers where an item is 40 to 50
percent off so conclusion as you can see
there are many complex terms and
acronyms that are complete commonly used
in everyday trading many of these terms
are accepted as normal literature for
experienced Traders which may leave
newcomers out of the loop lucky for you
now you can use a list to Define any you
are unfamiliar with so that pretty much
goes over it I'm gonna put the link in
the description as well so you guys can
see what exactly everything if you want
to read it for yourself feel free but
like here is the example of an overpay
that I did here so it looks like I won
right oh I gave all this no because
actually if you go through all these
trades I gave all these items for
rainbow Shaggy I gave
10.3 million for rainbow Shaggy and
upgrade
so obviously I overpaid technically
because this value is six million 500
000 overpaid technically a ton but uh I
really didn't because a lot of these
items did drop I don't know what the
exact overpay is now
looks like clockwork Shades Rose though
um but yeah so technically I overpaid a
lot but this literally just went for
13.5 million with 6 million Robux before
taxes so kind of the Robux kind of
throws it off a little bit it's probably
somewhere like 11 something million but
I still definitely profited rainbow
strike is great and yeah so I hope this
I hope this helped you guys this is a
very long video but I was very
informative so if this did help me and
drop a thumbs up I'd appreciate it and
uh yeah good luck trading may you all
profit and I'll see you guys next video
love you guys peace

hey what's up everyone it's will here on
today's video i'm going to teach you
guys how to trade on roblox this is the
easiest most straightforward roblox
training tutorial you can find on
youtube right now and this is episode
one of my new roblox trading tutorial
series and in future episodes we'll go
over topics such as what limited should
i start trading with how do i know if a
trade is good or bad how do i check
proofs et cetera et cetera basically i'm
gonna teach you guys everything i've
learned in the past four years on roblox
trading in this series so let's go and
get into episode one this is for the
very very basic noobs like you have no
clue what trading works you've never
completed a trade in your life first you
need to know where the trades tab is
obviously if you look on the left side
of your screen there is a trades button
right here um it has two little arrows
pointing on opposite sides and when you
click that you'll be brought to this
page right here now i'm gonna explain
what all these mean so you have inbound
outbound completed enacted blah blah
blah blah um also i know there are some
extra numbers that you guys might not
have don't worry about that i'll make a
video on all these extensions and stuff
that you need for roblox trading later
on but you guys can see here we have the
inbound outbound completed and this is
actually very important so inbound is
what people send to you okay so when
other people send you trades it will go
to your inbound and you can accept
counter or decline counter just means
you basically just counter offer right
let's say you don't like the deal you
can counter offer it so that's what
counter is and outbound is where you
send other people's trades so when you
send someone else trades that will show
up in your outbound obviously they have
to accept it you can't just accept the
trades you sent that doesn't really make
any sense but you can actually decline
the trade so let's say you miss sent a
trade you accidentally sent a really bad
trade there's a decline button here that
you can click and then boom they will
not be able to accept or decline it
because you know you declined it already
and then in the completed trade section
you have the trades you've completed
that straightforward and active is
basically trades that didn't go through
or they decline so if you decline a
trade it'll go up on the inactive or if
someone else declines your trade it will
go in the inactive tab as well now one
thing that kind of stoops a lot of new
traders is sometimes they accept a trade
but it goes to the inactive so what that
means is usually you don't have the item
anymore or they don't have the item
anymore so for example let's say i were
to accept this trade right this random
trade um but the person doesn't have
this noob attack scythe strike anymore
if i accept this trade it will go to the
inactive because he doesn't have the
item anymore like he already traded it
away before i clicked the accept button
i see a lot of people listen here a lot
of lot of noob traders try to trade
items that are not limited okay you
cannot trade headless horsemen you
cannot trade core blocks death speaker
you look like an absolute goof when
you're in trade hangout trying to trade
non-limited the items have to be limited
so if you go to advertise shop and you
click collectibles that is where you see
you know all collectibles these are all
the different limiteds now obviously you
guys probably won't be starting out with
these unless you're super rich so we're
going to go from low to high i think
these are some items that you guys will
be more familiar with seeing roblox has
been releasing a lot a lot of new cheap
limited so it's really really good for
anyone trying to get into roblox
training right now take advantage of it
really really good time to get into it
right now but you guys can see these are
basically the limited items now i know
some limited items have just limited and
some say limited you it really doesn't
matter at the end as long as it says
limited that means it is tradable now
there's some basic things you have to
know your account has to be over 13 to
trade technically you can be under 13
and trade but you have to add the other
person in order to complete a trade and
that just makes your trading chances go
down so much so please if your roblox
count is under 13 make a new one over 13
so you can trade without that annoying
little hassle next thing that's very
important is a trade filter so roblox
there is a lot of trading bots and what
they do is they spam send you these
really annoying trades that are not good
for you at all so in order to combat
this you want to go to your settings and
you want to go to the privacy tab and
you guys can see here on the trade
quality filter i don't mind is on none
but yours should be on medium mine is
usually on medium i'll change that after
this video and now let's go over how to
read certain little items so let's say
lime glass we're going to take this
random item now you guys probably see
this graph you're like what is this
graph right what are all these resellers
what is going on here so kind of think
of it like you know shoes okay or
clothes all right obviously you can sell
them for a certain price um if you sell
them for too high no one's gonna buy
them okay so you have to sell it at a
reasonable price and it really helps if
you are the best price so if i put this
up right now for four thousand robux no
one's gonna buy it because the best
price is 340 robux why would they spend
four thousand you get the point and now
for this graph you guys can see here um
these are basically just kind of like a
rap average now rap stands for recent
average price basically the recent
average price of what this item is
selling for so it's really simple i know
it sounds complicated um roblox made it
limited i guess whenever this day was i
guess 7 27 was the date as you can see
the recent selling price was 611 robux
that means out of all you know 352 sales
on that day the average price of the 352
sales was 611 robux not that hard to
understand obviously some days you guys
can see it goes up some days it goes
down now the last thing we're going to
go over is how to actually send a trade
so how you send a trade is when you go
to someone's profile right you search up
their username let's say you're in trade
hangout you search up their username on
the three upper right hand dots right
there is a trade items button and you
basically click that and you'll be able
to trade now there's not always a trade
items button sometimes you actually
follow the person so obviously i'm
friends with this person but let's say i
wasn't friends with this person i click
on it and there's no trade items button
that means you can actually follow them
there's a follow button um which i'm
following him already so i don't really
have to do that but you have to follow
them and then you'll be able to trade
them now if you follow them and you're
still not able to trade them that means
their roblox count is under 13 or they
have their trades off and you have to
add them to trade which makes a huge
pain in the butt that is why i recommend
you guys to please make your account
over 13 years of age on roblox so you
just have a much easier time trading
with that said if you guys have any
questions let me know and i might make
it into the next episode the next
episode will probably be what is the
best limited to start trading with
that's probably going to be episode 2.
so if you guys are excited for that let
me know down below in the comments
section leave a like subscribe join the
discord server we can always help you
out even before the episodes drop in the
discord server make sure you guys join
up discord ggrbx from link in

welcome everybody to another video and
in this video I'll be giving you my best
advice for Roblox trading as a Trader
with over 7 million value currently I've
had years of experience trading limiteds
and learning effective ways to profit in
this video I want to give you as much
advice as I can on how to be successful
while trading in Roblox keep in mind
this video will be for slightly
experienced traders who know the basics
of trading so to better understand this
video make sure you know the basics of
how to trade on Roblox if you need more
advice on the basics of Roblox trading
or any extra advice in general I would
recommend checking out artist.guide
artist is very helpful for learning all
about the Roblox economy and earning a
ton of Robux doing so it is very easy to
access and design for the average user
so anyone is able to use it just by
following the guide you can earn tens of
thousands of Robux a week and one user
even earned a classic Fedora by using
artists to help them trade I will have
artist stack guide Linked In the
description so make sure you guys go
check that out anyways this video will
be split into three main categories how
to profit how to get more trades and how
to follow the limited market trends each
category will go in depth on how to
better understand specifics of Roblox
trading and hopefully will help you to
become a better Trader to start things
off I'll be going over different ways to
profit in Roblox trading the three main
ways you can profit are the upgrading
and downgrading Method flipping
projectives and hoarding items the
upgrading and downgrading method is the
most common way of profiting and trading
as in almost every trade you are using
this method how this method works is you
want to upgrade many items into one item
for a certain amount then you want to
downgrade that one item from any items
and get more than you gave for example
if I give a 20 000 overpay for a Valk I
will once again more than the 20 000
overpay that I gave so that I profit
another trick with upgrading and
downgrading to benefit your trades even
more is when you upgrade you want to
give as many items as you can and when
you downgrade you want to get as little
items as you can for example if I
upgrade four items into a Valk I will
want to get three items or less which
will be more beneficial because I will
be downgrading to less items than I gave
so when you are trading make sure to
keep these two things in mind when you
are upgrading and downgrading the second
method of profiting is by flipping
projectives flipping projectors has a
similar concept to upgrading and
downgrading as you still want to get
more than you gave for the projected
that you traded for you can also use the
same trick to get less items than you
give for the projectors to benefit even
more when trading for a projected you
want to get it for as cheap as you can
and ideally as close to the amount it
was before it got projected once you
have a projected the best way to trade
them off is by mass sending trades you
will want to mass send Traders with a
similar value to the value that you want
for the projected as usually Traders
with lower values have less knowledge of
trading for example if I have an item
that's projected at 50 000 value and I
want to get 40 000 value for the
projected I will Mass send to Traders
around 40 000 value and basically you'll
just want to keep Mass ending until you
eventually flip that projected and the
last method of profiting is hoarding
items hoarding items is a great way to
passively make profit and I would
recommend hoarding to anyone who has a
larger amount of value when hoarding
items the goal is to get a bunch of one
item and make the item really good by
lowering a circulation then trading off
The Horde later once you have profited
enough or until the peak of the item
some examples of hoarding that I have
done personally is holding the playful
vampire in the Valk at the start of
inflation then trading off both hordes
when they peaked in value you can also
do this with rap items like I have done
twice with my Waffle hat horde I have
hoarded the waffle hats twice and even
projected The Horde and made over a
million Robux from doing so projecting
Horrors takes a lot of knowledge and you
really need to know what you're doing
and honestly that's a video for itself
but overall hoarding items is a lot more
complicated and I would only recommend
it to more experienced Traders the next
category of the video is going to be how
to get more trades a lot of newer
Traders and Traders with lower value
tend to have a harder time completing
trades as they don't know how to get
trades and they don't have the most
desired items the first thing you need
to do to get more trades is advertising
your inventory you can advertise your
inventory by being active or AFK and
trade hangout making trade ads on
rollymons.com and rblx.trade and posting
screenshots of your inventory and
various trading discourse servers by
making these trade ads you will increase
the chance of getting sent trades on
your items another way to get more
trades is by sending and offering other
Traders what I like to do is go into
trade hangout and go around making
offers and sending trades to possibly
make a deal with someone another really
good way to find trades with people are
on trade ads what I recommend doing is
going into the rollimon's website or the
rollimon's Discord server and sending
people trades or dming people offers on
their items from doing these things you
can greatly increase the chance of you
completing trades and making profit the
final category of the Roblox training
advice is how to follow the limits in
market trends this category is all about
understanding when certain items are
good and when certain items are bad I
will also be discussing how to know what
an item gets and how much you should
give for an item or get for an item to
begin there is usually the same Trends
in the Roblox limited market each year
and it's important to know these Trends
to make sure that you profit the most
and don't end up losing a bunch of value
the main two trends that we see each
year are the Headless deflation and the
Christmas inflation The Headless
deflation always occurs around September
to October during the time when headless
is released and during this time is when
almost all the limited start to crash in
value during deflation in the market it
is best to have low demand items as high
demand items are dropping this is the
best time to invest in rares and any
other low demand items with low copies
now the opposite is true during
inflation season during the Christmas
inflation from around December to March
high demand items start to raise a lot
there's three main stages of inflation
as well during the beginning of
inflation smaller items are really good
then the middle of inflation medium
items are really good then towards the
end of inflation the big items are
really good these stages occur because
small items will raise and then Peak
which will cause medium items to raise
and then Peak which will then make
bigger items raise and then Peak the
best way to benefit off these Trends is
by getting low demand items right before
deflation occurs then getting high
demand items right before inflation
occurs entering inflation you will want
to upgrade into bigger items over time
as the different tiers of items enter
their Prime so now that you understand
the basics of Trends in the market let's
talk more specifically about the
performance of specific items if you
have an item or want to check an item to
see how it usually does at a certain
time of the year the best time to do is
check the value history on rollymons.com
to see when the item usually raises and
drops in value this can help guide you
to when you want to have an item and
when you don't want to have an item the
biggest thing you want to take into
consideration when trading for an item
at any time of the year here is how much
the item is getting in the present now
that the market is completely
proof-based valued items will only raise
and lower by proofs proofs can be found
in the rollimon's Discord server and I
have other videos on proofs if you want
to learn more about that so it is very
important that you are checking proofs
to know what to give for an item and
what to get for your items as long as
you understand the yearly trends of the
limited market and what you should be
giving and getting for items you will be
set up for Success so those are the
three main categories of Waffle's
ultimate Roblox trading advice I hope
that you learned something or better
understood something about trading from
this video and let me know in the
comments if you have any questions about
Roblox trading anyways that's going to
be it for me like the video if you found
this helpful and consider subscribing to
the channel for more Roblox trading
advice and I will see you all in the
next one peace

welcome everybody to another video and
in today's video i'm going to be
evaluating some trades that i have
inbound and i'm going to be giving you
guys a general concept on how to tell if
a trade that you have is going to be
good or not and giving you guys some
advice on whether you should do certain
trades so let's go ahead and get right
into the video so
i'm gonna be going through each of these
trades i have about 22 of these and i'm
just gonna be giving you guys
uh like my thoughts and stuff like that
i'm gonna be going through all these
kind of explaining why i think they're
good or bad or
just giving you guys general concepts on
why some trades can be good and why some
trades are bad so we'll go ahead and
start off with this trade now just
looking at this i already know it's bad
uh so diamond crystal circle that is
currently 5k value and these are equal
to 3.2
so yeah this is just a lose uh overall
some go ahead and decline that
and just like that now this trade here
that i have is more of an interesting
one because this grim gold sword that i
have here gets pretty nice overpay as it
gets like 10 to 20 and i'm looking to
get about 15 if i can
so it's doing some quick maths here this
is that's about equal because it's worth
40k value and this is about 40k and then
you add this and it has 3k
and then that's five so that's about 8k
overpay those seven 7.5 because of that
and i knew i know this gets some
overpays like 5k or something like that
for my grim gold so
it is an 8k overpay with this but i
would like to get more
and probably not with an item like this
because i i don't know if i actually
want to get that
so while this is not a bad offer i'm
just going to skip it for now
one thing i'll give you guys for advice
is if you're unsure about a trade you
can always just kind of leave it there
you don't have to do anything to it
and then just get past it so we'll go on
to this one here
now right away i already know this is a
loss i already know this is a bad trade
with most trades like this the values
are going to be different obviously but
usually if you if you're using if you're
losing wrap in a value trade it's
usually going to be bad not always but
let's go ahead and calculate this so
we'll go over to the trade calculator
here and we'll put in bubble trouble
and looks like we got i think a catching
snowflake
and then two buckets and i believe i
have a bucket so i can
do that and just like that yeah this is
going to be a 3k l
now another piece of advice is
let's say uh what someone is sending you
items in a trade that you have in your
inventory so in the trade calculator so
instead of looking it up you can just go
do that and then you'll see what i just
did there with the buckets i just added
it like that
it's just a little little thing you know
so yeah i'm not going to do that because
that is just a
3k l so we're going to go ahead and
decline that
now moving on to the next one this is
another trade on the grim gold
and
i'm not sure exactly what this is so
let's go ahead and calculate it so we'll
go ahead and put on put my grim gold
there so we got azure
fedora
uh that is not under okay
and then we got
dice crown
and if you don't know much about value
items keep in mind that value items can
be under wrap if you go to the trading
thing here and then you go to wrap
requirements that'll tell you the the
ratios of stuff like that now this
person does have a waffle hat i'm trying
to just get actually a counter the trade
earlier from them i'm just trying to get
their waffle hat and not nothing else uh
white
uh beanie here we go so this is gonna be
a 8k overpay again
for uh perry here
um i'm not going to take this even
though
you know i'm tempting with the waffle
i'm gonna try and get this waffle hat
by itself
so what i'm going to do is counter this
actually because i do want this waffle
hat
um
if you know anything about me you'll
know that
my avatar is a whole
waffle let's send a a nice tray just
like that all right you can't resist
that i'm giving a nice overpay okay nice
100 over peg you can't
can't resist that see if they
accept that yeah but a 150 60k or just
150 overpay
okay moving on to the next one um
this is an l because this has value none
of these do
and uh yeah i can just tell already so
since none of these have value this is
going to be as much as you see here
and uh bubble trouble is worth uh 28
so that this itself wouldn't be worth it
i don't know why he's having the ad
um yeah that's confusing they must only
wrap trade
interesting well uh yeah not gonna do
that so go ahead and decline
uh right here okay i did see this offer
earlier and uh it's an interesting one
okay so we got
super
no uh the super drop yet i don't know
i'm not sure
and then we got
bright eyes top hats okay
now
this is interesting i have to add two
smalls
that and
that i guess uh the chill caps projected
normally around what this egg is so
we'll just do that let's do two eggs
like that it's about
41.5 for 544
now while this is about the amount i
want to get for
the grim gold sword here
these two items are under wrap right now
so if we go ahead and check
uh so yeah this needs to be 23k wrap to
be 30k so it looks like it's gonna lower
here
and then supa
is 24 and it needs to be
uh
18k i want to say
i know it needs to be 17 for 22. so i
was like 18
19 something like that see i'm not gonna
do this just because these two items are
under while they probably will recover
i'd rather get items that
aren't under at the moment and then uh
do that so i'm gonna leave it there just
because it's not a bad offer
we'll kind of move on to some other ones
so right here we have a bigger trade
okay this is interesting so we got a
pastel rainbow shaggy
so all right dominus prefectus
and then actually have a pastel rainbow
shaggy
and i do not have the rest so
paint
and
rbm
okay interesting it's a
17k overpay with prs
i actually don't like prs at all i
i want to trade it off really bad so
if you want my pastel rainbow shag you
send on it i don't want it
so
i'm not going to take this i can get way
more with
other better items
so um
i don't
this person
they're just a trade by anyway i'm not
even going to bother with them
so i'm just going to go and decline that
moving on we have got another trade
similar to actually the first trade this
is not a good one by any means
um
i think it's actually 1k more than the
first one now i think about it it's a
700 l
because it was 5k and i am i'm good

so we got here
uh it's twilight i
they may get over pace i'm not gonna
overpay for it though
so no thank you move on to the next one
oh we have a
big trade we have a
huge trade okay
um i've actually gotten this trade
uh inbound a few times but i'll go ahead
and i'll
go over it because why not
uh so
see what we got here we got especially
my top three isn't it
oh you're crazy
you're crazy sparkle time fedora
oh my gosh you're out of your mind
wants me to overpay a hundred and eighty
thousand for sparkle time fedora this
thing
lowballs for
good items that's
you are
crazy you are smoking something okay
100 percent
not even
like if i were to do something like this
i would take off obviously i'm looking
at 5000 robux that's crazy i mean i take
away
i take away that like i might do
something like that but even then i
don't know
i'm just not even going to bother with
this with this guy
um
if if usually if people send
as bad as a trade as this they're not
going to
take your you know better trade you know
your more fair trade so
not even gonna bother and i'm just gonna
decline that
so here okay this is an interesting one
so go ahead and refresh that to clear it
rbm
put that there
and we are giving
that and that
okay so 3k overpay
now
yes this is going to drop 3k because it
doesn't look like it's going to recover
but it's kind of like
i mean
if rbm starts to go up and it'll go and
if it goes to
you know 38k
i might take this because this will have
dropped by then
it's going to keep it inbound for now
and uh you know go on from here this is
terrible what is this
no
just
this is just bad valkyrie helm is 160
it's like 70.
this brings it to like
almost 100 that makes like 100 ish
no this is like
110 1 10 10 to 120 this is terrible
no thank you
okay right here this is not good

no this is
this doesn't seem good i'll i'll
calculate it anyway for the sake of the
video but this does not look good
at all
i actually know i just know it's that
bad i'm just not even gonna not even
gonna bother
so so we got here
nope this is not good
uh to climb that you know the the wrap
loss is not good so
that's an obvious already bad trade now
uh here okay so here's like some smaller
things
i'm not going to take that
um you know that's an obvious thing
one thing with the gucci is it gets
projected a lot so for you smaller
traders like uh that trade with a lot of
rap items if you don't know much about
projecteds i actually have a video on
that you can go check out and uh some
other things for people who have a
little bit less i'm actually gonna make
a video
just for like the people with under 10k
or something like that you know just to
help them
get out of that area so
right here you want to watch out for
these gucci items because they get
projected a lot as i was saying and
they're normally around 600 so
don't don't get a bad trade because
these aren't actually worth much if
they're if they're worth 10k then you or
1k then you know they're projected
just a random thing i guess
uh what even is this okay
just no
um this like what what are these traits
these are terrible so to claim that
um
it's not bad well no because this is 20k
yes or no that is that is definitely bad
nope
uh
hmm nice nice name i like the name
but uh yeah this is projected a little
bit but still it's an l
so i will decline
and here's the last trade
um i believe listen hold on f
okay and then
legit
it's going to be an 8k
overpay i'm on this side now
um
nope i ff is not good
well this is a good overpay for valk
ff is not good at all
i could also check on discord if i
really wanted to
but it is not worth it so those are
about the 22 trades i'll go through
that's about it for that now there are a
few more things i want to talk about
when considering trades that you have
so things you want to take into
consideration are the values
and the wrap of items you want to make
sure you're not getting an item that is
under you don't want to be getting a
projected item and you don't want to get
an item that's peaked like a good
example of that would be
a radioactive beast mode it usually
peaks at 42k
and goes down from there good way that
you can check if an item is peaked or
not is you can go to the value changes
and
to rbm for example
and you can kind of see like what the
max it gets to really in c42 that's
about the max it gets uh you can do it
for basically any item
a little bit harder with bigger items uh
see
playful vampire this has gone down a lot
recently
but it peaks around 65 there you go
and uh yeah just simple things like that
can help you out in trades
uh some more things uh would be
an item state in this trade here uh
the
ff is not doing good the fantastic
fusion whatever it's not doing good
right now the best way to check if an
item is doing good or not is going to
the rolliemon discord and going to the
proof section and looking up and seeing
what an item gets i actually made a
video on that so you can also check that
out how to check proofs of items and see
how much they get
so yeah also another thing just another
simple thing is whenever you're sending
or accepting a trade always just double
check like let's say i wanted to
actually take this trade i would just
kind of double check
i would have this in the trade
calculator obviously
but uh i would just you know double
check i'd go back and forth just make
sure you know double check you know
you know everything i'm getting is there
and it's actually what i want
so don't be rushed to actually do any
trades and make sure you're thoroughly
looking through the trade making sure
that it's actually something that's
going to benefit you so that is going to
be about it for this video hopefully it
was helpful if it was make sure you let
me know in the comment section down
below also if you guys want me to do
more videos like this where i kind of go
through trades and evaluate them
probably not with as much detail like i
did this one because this one i just
went through
more detail and explained my thoughts
because you know give you guys some
advice on how to
you know consider a trade properly but
yeah that's going to be about it and
i'll see you guys in the next video
peace

hey guys Chad here bring you another
video and today I'm gonna teach you how
you can value out items and how you can
make profit now this basically this is
mainly going to apply to items that are
more expensive but typically you can
find a lot of these increasing values
around the couple thousands mark so if
you have any items around a couple
thousand in terms of rap then
potentially you can make sure you know
what you're trading make sure you don't
lose any money and make sure you're
gaining money as well because some
people may not know this and potentially
you can make a profit so just real
quickly I'm gonna go over my current
investment and I'm gonna show you how
this isn't the actual real value of my
account so I do own two super super
happy faces which are the biggest value
of my account I also have a supa dupa
fly cap and then I just have a bunch of
small items but basically the three
items I have right here are the all
items
that's none they aren't valued at this
actual price so especially when you're
buying items with robux you can save a
lot of money by trading for an item like
this where you can buy it for cheap and
then your account value be worth a lot
more than it actually is so I'm just
gonna go through my account real quick I
just have these and now I have a bunch
of small items a lot of faces a lot a
lot of things I picked up I made videos
before on how to make tons of free robux
enough free robux but tons of roebucks
with a cheap investment and then growing
account up your account and all that
stuff but let's get into the point of
this video which is figuring out how to
know the valuation and potentially
making profit so the first thing you're
going to want to do is you're definitely
going to want to head over to our BX dot
Rox sign up with your account and then
you're going to be able to
will not sign up with your account but
you can just do slash s slash and then
put in your account name or I believe
there's a search bar and then it'll
bring you to this website it'll show a
valuation of all your items as you can
see these sinister branches that I have
even though it says 2.2 K it's actually
worth 3 K supa dupa fly cap 6 K towards
8 K and especially the super super happy
faces 18 K now this is just mild
examples when you start getting into
very expensive items item just have a
lot higher value than the actual buy
price which is going to of course it may
trick people
of course when it's especially when you
get to these values because when you get
to like getting your account alike 5 K
you may just have been wrapped trading
and you don't actually know valuations
and potentially when you keep trading
for something like let's say you really
want sinister branches and no one will
give it to you even if you're up paying
like a hundred robots you'll understand
why because a lot of people are starting
to realize devalue and a lot of people
know about it but this is a website just
to find out the actual value and I'll
show you that's what a lot of you are
here for so this is how to actually find
the value and now if you are looking for
the item for in for something else you
do you can search for items on this
website you have to put in a exclamation
mark before the item so let's for
instance we're going to go to this and
then we're going to do top hat alright

and then I'm gonna search for yeah let's

just look at a bright eyes so bright
eyes has a value of 16 K maybe you're
trading for a bright eyes bright eyes is
a very oh well apparently they're
building up the items page for this so
it's not available it's not front it's
not the same for all of it I hope not
oh that's really unfortunate all right I

guess they don't have that but what you
can do instead of doing that by the time
you're watching this video is probably
going to work so test it out but you can
always look up I don't or look up names
I forgot his name wasn't that I don't

even know names anymore
all right let me just go my home page
and see it's not even like I'm just you

so you go over here plug in the name and

then it's gonna pop up its gonna show
their evaluation so he actually owns
nothing
that's unfortunate it's someone who has

a lot of money so I can show it off see
he has a bright eyes so we can see it
now go to a vending profile go over to
search just pressing enter will put you
in the account seems like the websites a
little slower they did do a remodel of
their account or of their website so it
is quite slow but as you can see there's
massive gaps in this so definitely
whenever you're trading I like your
trade hangout and stuff like that all
you have to do is just search up the
people on here it'll show the valuations
with all their items and you can figure
out what you want to trade from there
you can open up another tab have your
own profile and then you can sort of
compare it see what you want to do how
you're gonna overpay things like that
and make a lot of profit so that's all I
had to say I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you guys need any more advice
just let me know I've been trading for a
long time I haven't traded in a little
bit though so I'm hoping I can get back
into it soon but if you guys learn
anything from this make sure you leave a
like and share it wherever you want to
make sure you share to your friends so
they can trade as well trading and
roblox is extremely
and if you watch my other videos just
have a quick look through my channel I
have plenty of training videos they're
my most watched videos besides my
tutorials and they're really really
helpful guys they're gonna save you a
lot of money and they're gonna make you
a lot of money too
and that's my goal my goal is to get up
to 100k so I can do my buyouts I do plan
to do everything the legit way and not
do any purchasing of roebucks
or selling items off market so this is
pretty much my plan I was just getting
up to that 100k so I can sell everything
and hopefully do the roblox exchange for
real cash

Item value list:

Columns as respected values, nill values represented as "-"#

Name of item

Best Price

RAP

Value

Demand

Trend

Rare

Projected

Amount on market available

Premium Copies

75

76

-

-

-

-

-

883002

40273

Rocket Eggscape

83

84

-

-

-

-

-

1745681

41282

Saber Boss Egg

85

80

-

-

-

-

-

1111630

74844

Teapot Egg

86

75

-

-

-

-

-

940425

47052

87

79

-

-

-

-

-

784371

28770

Eggmunition

88

77

-

-

-

-

-

981815

62460

Brainfreeze Egg

88

77

-

-

-

-

-

1437636

82781

Tiny Tank Egg

88

74

-

-

-

-

-

982574

67468

Sugar Shades

90

94

-

-

-

-

-

1088347

50760

Deteggctive W. Wolf

90

77

-

-

-

-

-

797797

49252

Inkwell Egg

90

76

-

-

-

-

-

1711643

66723

90

72

-

-

-

-

-

1472730

86442

Frosting Flyers

95

98

-

-

-

-

-

1411134

49285

Fried Chicken Egg

99

78

-

-

-

-

-

1116294

65962

100

101

-

-

-

-

-

203127

6911

Cake Topper

102

97

-

-

-

-

-

1551374

60454

Epic Egg

102

70

-

-

-

-

-

1770526

81817

Despacitegg

105

83

-

-

-

-

-

1022988

76181

110

110

-

-

-

-

-

1922044

56308

113

101

-

-

-

-

-

556039

23394

115

119

-

-

-

-

-

1309051

68739

119

103

-

-

-

-

-

1280465

42312

Egg of Friendship

121

110

-

-

-

-

-

59005

3891

Cannonical Egg

137

136

-

-

-

-

-

212042

7059

Eggo-trip

140

142

-

-

-

-

-

111848

4569

Full Moon Egg

140

130

-

-

-

-

-

201217

6636

Spider Headphones

145

149

-

-

-

-

-

349161

14621

Egg of Partnership

149

147

-

-

-

-

-

35213

2870

Egg of Time

150

169

-

-

-

-

-

61450

4044

Zombie Slayer

Eggcient Woolly
Mammoth

Egg of Hidden
Treasures

GGE

Catrin Dia de
Muertos Mask
Spider Antlers
Eggraging Shark of
the Sea
Catrina Dia de
Muertos Mask

➤

Max

GGE Egg

Luregg

150

143

-

-

-

-

-

41594

2988

Malicious Egg

155

128

-

-

-

-

-

58107

3713

Basic Egg 2014

156

122

-

-

-

-

-

186022

8180

158

157

-

-

-

-

-

81087

2827

Goldrow

160

167

-

-

-

-

-

2170640

77409

Tiger Egg

165

120

-

-

-

-

-

208380

6821

Bellegg

169

121

-

-

-

-

-

45867

3338

Egg of Life

170

109

-

-

-

-

-

104753

5608

Party Fedora

173

150

-

-

-

-

-

1162618

52552

178

168

-

-

-

-

-

17432

1610

Party Unicorn Floatie

180

189

-

-

-

-

-

1459250

52099

Outrageous Egg

186

161

-

-

-

-

-

134248

5138

Mercurial Egg

190

142

-

-

-

-

-

34242

2682

Egg of Epic Growth

195

154

-

-

-

-

-

30831

1891

199

207

-

-

-

-

-

29521

1397

199

199

-

-

-

-

-

16037

1473

Subterranean Egg

199

166

-

-

-

-

-

45623

1971

Egg of Cooperation

200

188

-

-

-

-

-

25411

2146

200

176

-

-

-

-

-

53136

1614

Chocolate Egg

200

156

-

-

-

-

-

195449

6377

Supersonic Egg

200

153

-

-

-

-

-

112268

4674

Poached Egg

209

137

-

-

-

-

-

48405

3315

Hanukkah Beanie

210

194

-

-

-

-

-

90355

4211

210

173

-

-

-

-

-

44264

1966

214

154

-

-

-

-

-

52679

2316

Alien Arteggfact

219

197

-

-

-

-

-

17474

1613

Egg Timer

220

150

-

-

-

-

-

58555

2336

230

173

-

-

-

-

-

98226

2255

238

263

-

-

-

-

-

126653

7210

242

189

-

-

-

-

-

22880

2008

250

296

-

-

-

-

-

35667

8434

250

230

-

-

-

-

-

103732

6039

250

205

-

-

-

-

-

46768

2095

Lime Glasses

254

204

-

-

-

-

-

225563

9023

Royal Rabbit Ears

260

205

-

-

-

-

-

59973

9060

Hyperactive Egg of
Hyperactivity

Egg of Flawless
Teamwork

Self Replicating Egg
of Grey Goo
Egg of Flawless
Deduction

Rusty Egg of
Magnetism

Office Professional
Egg
Combo Egg of
Trolllolol

Unassuming Egg of
Shyness
Recycled Cardboard
Scarf
Egg of the Phoenix
Gucci Bloom
Perfume

➤

Super Happy Elf Hat
Futuristic Egg of
Antigravity

Egg of Luck

260

194

-

-

-

-

-

70732

4418

269

244

-

-

-

-

-

24676

5435

Eggy Pop

279

204

-

-

-

-

-

21686

1829

TH Calavera Bag

282

274

-

-

-

-

-

7907

2774

285

229

-

-

-

-

-

68300

1895

290

282

-

-

-

-

-

32663

6999

Eggrachnophobia

295

245

-

-

-

-

-

153398

4230

Terrordactyl Egg

299

326

-

-

-

-

-

20903

977

299

306

-

-

-

-

-

26763

6170

299

264

-

-

-

-

-

13414

3016

300

313

-

-

-

-

-

35292

8258

Eggressor

300

305

-

-

-

-

-

8133

885

Orange Peel Fedora

300

289

-

-

-

-

-

14745

5177

300

241

-

-

-

-

-

36758

1677

319

287

-

-

-

-

-

10957

2643

320

339

-

-

-

-

-

16988

6287

Zipper Cap

320

282

-

-

-

-

-

443441

8968

Eggsterminator Egg

320

265

-

-

-

-

-

39474

1793

Egg of Frost

329

302

-

-

-

-

-

61637

3766

Reflecting Leather
Moto Jacket

330

322

-

-

-

-

-

8646

3379

Egg of the Hill

330

263

-

-

-

-

-

19750

1715

Insanely Valuable
Crystal Egg

333

256

-

-

-

-

-

29688

1367

NARS Holographic
Backpack 1.0

340

365

-

-

-

-

-

4783

1662

Molten Meteoric
Core Egg

345

359

-

-

-

-

-

42917

1987

Egg of Shield

349

413

-

-

-

-

-

21356

1803

Deviled Egg

350

305

-

-

-

-

-

64588

3249

Gingerbread Visor

350

185

-

-

-

-

-

18312

2874

Forever 21
Bejeweled Spiked

365

357

-

-

-

-

-

2679

1252

370

380

-

-

-

-

-

5576

1382

370

374

-

-

-

-

-

37491

1393

LOL Day Cap

380

332

-

-

-

-

-

488064

10054

Pizza Bandit

390

375

-

-

-

-

-

67289

10080

GucciGhost Bag

Ghost Bag
1.0

Shiny Gold Egg of
Switcheroo
Gucci Sunglasses
with Crystals

Gucci GG Marmont

Marmont Bag

Bag

1.0

Gucci Dionysus Bag

Dionysus Bag
1.0

Gucci Wide Brim Felt
Hat

Elevated Egg of the
Eyrie
Gucci Geometric Bag
Brown Gucci Blondie
Bag (1.0)

Geometric
Bag 1.0

NARS Light

Face Beanie
Ralph Lauren Snow
Beach Backpack

➤

Explosive Egg of
Kaboom!

Gucci Geometric Bag

Geometric

390

368

-

-

-

-

-

11920

3090

390

327

-

-

-

-

-

23798

5702

Egg of Space

390

264

-

-

-

-

-

36510

2865

ROBLOX Camo Cap

391

391

-

-

-

-

-

366655

8213

Christmas Tree

398

426

-

-

-

-

-

24419

2905

399

408

-

-

-

-

-

110580

2757

400

446

-

-

-

-

-

146437

6827

Snow Leopard
Fedora

400

428

-

-

-

-

-

228972

23168

Lip Guard Grills

400

420

-

-

-

-

-

2340

857

Brown Gucci Blondie
Bag (3.0)

400

367

-

-

-

-

-

19641

7187

Builderman Egg

400

363

-

-

-

-

-

141210

5252

Rabid Egg

400

357

-

-

-

-

-

13551

1306

TH Monogram
Backpack

400

354

-

-

-

-

-

5616

2019

Summer Bowler

415

408

-

-

-

-

-

10229

3774

415

372

-

-

-

-

-

17352

3878

Ralph Lauren
Stadium Crossbody

418

431

-

-

-

-

-

7002

1836

NARS Holographic
Backpack 3.0

420

387

-

-

-

-

-

5245

1791

Halloween Boo Bow
Beanie

420

335

-

-

-

-

-

11623

1847

425

518

-

-

-

-

-

12514

2797

Rainbow Pixels
Bandana

429

400

-

-

-

-

-

75436

10555

Fiery Egg of Egg
Testing

430

384

-

-

-

-

-

96648

2759

Elton John - Elton
Earring

432

399

-

-

-

-

-

4163

2527

Vampiric Egg of
Twilight

435

274

-

-

-

-

-

44121

1947

Reindeer Cap

440

380

-

-

-

-

-

70718

2799

Spring into
Christmas

440

322

-

-

-

-

-

8074

1417

Specular Egg of Red,
No Blue

443

364

-

-

-

-

-

123235

2807

Watermelon

444

399

-

-

-

-

-

259780

7450

Gucci DiamondFramed Sunglasses

445

407

-

-

-

-

-

38844

8604

Vans x The North
Face Helmet

448

391

-

-

-

-

-

5103

1352

Chrome Egg of
Speeding Bullet

449

437

-

-

-

-

-

60565

1627

Rain Bophones

449

396

-

-

-

-

-

89550

7376

GucciGhost Bag

Bag 3.0
Ghost Bag
3.0

POW! To the Moon!
Egg
Ultimate
Competition Laser
Swordpack

Gucci Spiked
Basketball Bag

➤

Gucci Horsebit 1955
Shoulder Bag

Basketball
Bag 1.0

Horsebit Bag
1.0

Broken Tee Vee

450

485

-

-

-

-

-

75629

9870

Boxing Gloves - KSI

450

477

-

-

-

-

-

19300

3941

Jolly Elf

450

399

-

-

-

-

-

38850

1182

Present Head

450

386

-

-

-

-

-

15359

3014

Egg of Verticality

457

428

-

-

-

-

-

45793

2437

459

407

-

-

-

-

-

113682

2525

460

355

-

-

-

-

-

17347

4014

470

514

-

-

-

-

-

43236

1449

470

469

-

-

-

-

-

104498

7360

480

437

-

-

-

-

-

58933

2112

489

468

-

-

-

-

-

15433

1448

490

513

-

-

-

-

-

3561

1603

490

445

-

-

-

-

-

15258

1321

Egg of Equinox: Day

490

444

-

-

-

-

-

51764

1614

Tickets Tie

496

482

-

-

-

-

-

1837250

8874

497

497

-

-

-

-

-

5312

1431

497

414

-

-

-

-

-

5050

1273

499

551

-

-

-

-

-

108287

2129

499

533

-

-

-

-

-

10679

873

Pumpkin Piephones

499

489

-

-

-

-

-

83433

3557

Black Unicorn Helm

499

489

-

-

-

-

-

5724

1219

Shoulder Shark Cat

499

471

-

-

-

-

-

113656

7907

499

441

-

-

-

-

-

22237

1101

500

606

-

Amazing

-

-

-

537933

42484

The Last Egg of 2012

500

474

-

-

-

-

-

228605

1709

8-Bit Tabby Cat

510

447

-

-

-

-

-

71687

19153

520

428

-

High

-

-

-

220790

23103

528

502

-

-

-

-

-

27183

932

539

579

-

-

-

-

-

27999

2066

548

461

-

-

-

-

-

31138

1209

Back Axe Guitar

549

566

-

-

-

-

-

125407

16031

Souvenir Egg

550

619

-

-

-

-

-

18247

1813

559

355

-

-

-

-

-

22236

1089

570

503

-

-

-

-

-

10835

819

Agonizingly Ugly
Egg of Screensplat
Gucci Guitar Case
Extinct Egg of Dino
On Ice
Glorious Unicorn
Headpiece
Joyful Bell Helmet
Black Iron Fabergé
Egg
Golden Sleigh Mariah Carey
Aqua Fabergé Egg of
Never-ending Winter

Vans Checkerboard
Era Necklace
Ralph Lauren Snow
Beach Waist Bag
Mildly Disturbing
Mask
Regal Dragon
Fabergé Egg

Sword Fight on the
Heights Sugar Egg
Turbo Builders Club
Hard Hat

Ultimate Victory
Snowflake Winter
Cap
Tabby Egg
Zeno's Egg of

➤

Paradox

Ruby Filigree
Fabergé Egg
Royal Fabergé Egg

TBC

UV

2 Baddies Fur Hat -

571

514

-

-

-

-

-

3812

1800

574

507

-

Amazing

-

-

-

481894

45851

575

578

-

-

-

-

-

98785

7015

580

457

-

-

-

-

-

36730

1089

588

498

-

-

-

-

-

1696

752

XXL Football Head

599

648

-

-

-

-

-

8368

3025

White Unicorn Helm

599

576

-

-

-

-

-

4741

1032

599

540

-

-

-

-

-

43083

1383

600

634

-

-

-

-

-

1542

664

Guardia in Exile

600

564

-

-

-

-

-

388579

9045

Santa Paws Dog

600

536

-

-

-

-

-

8361

1151

8-Bit Extra Life

600

533

-

-

-

-

-

26580

8713

600

429

-

-

-

-

-

24323

1215

Stone Jacket - NCT
127

609

599

-

-

-

-

-

2484

1274

Peppermint Boa

640

637

-

-

-

-

-

5715

1303

Hanukkah Scarf

640

610

-

-

-

-

-

5600

918

Gucci Feather and
Crystals Headpiece

641

662

-

-

-

-

-

13525

3278

Elton John Eyewear The Elton

643

571

-

-

-

-

-

2188

1051

Googly Eye Shark
Hat

650

679

-

-

-

-

-

2608

1208

Gucci Headband

650

645

-

-

-

-

-

47112

10805

Gilded Fabergé Egg
of Bygone Days

650

566

-

-

-

-

-

6980

760

Gobble Gobble

670

413

-

-

-

-

-

27590

917

NARS Yachiyo Brush
Back Accessory

674

596

-

-

-

-

-

2403

858

Vicious Egg of
Singularity

678

701

-

-

-

-

-

10864

680

BURBERRY LOLA
BAG - HYDRO 1.0

678

604

-

-

-

-

-

1422

640

Sequined Boxing
Mask - KSI

690

671

-

-

-

-

-

14189

2791

Blue Tired Tortoise

690

636

-

-

-

-

-

4054

1118

Ralph Lauren
Stadium Backpack

694

637

-

-

-

-

-

6482

1567

Scrambled Egg

695

643

-

-

-

-

-

9232

748

Sleepy Brown Sloth

699

760

-

-

-

-

-

3160

1230

Frozen Swordpack

699

605

-

-

-

-

-

71541

5391

Forever 21 Princess
Anime Tassled

700

711

-

-

-

-

-

2100

1055

NCT 127
Outrageous Builders
Club Hard Hat
Katana Traveling
Pack
Candy Cane Cap
Emerald Gucci
Blondie Bag (1.0)

Starry Egg of the
Wild Ride
BURBERRY LOLA
BAG - HYDRO 3.0

Azurewrath Fabergé
Egg

OBC

➤

2 Baddies Gem

Crown

Kuddle E. Koala

700

702

-

High

-

-

-

1346468

13131

White Krazy Kitty

700

631

-

-

-

-

-

14961

1334

700

556

-

-

-

-

-

25765

1092

700

182

-

-

-

-

-

19975

1137

714

726

-

-

-

-

-

3005

1838

714

525

-

-

-

-

-

34601

1695

715

706

-

-

-

-

-

15641

779

Black Iron Branches

715

660

-

-

-

-

-

206458

26879

The Last Egg of 2013

716

557

-

-

-

-

-

39601

1687

735

682

-

-

-

-

-

75222

10732

744

715

-

-

-

-

-

64509

3868

748

684

-

-

-

-

-

8911

2577

Reindeer Hood

748

576

-

-

-

-

-

5393

721

Business Cat

750

693

-

-

-

-

-

233494

20464

750

690

-

-

-

-

-

1119

547

769

652

-

-

-

-

-

1805

935

Festive Narwhal

774

769

-

-

-

-

-

50274

3140

Zebra Bow Tie

776

708

-

-

-

-

-

3972

372

786

851

-

-

-

-

-

5713

890

787

655

-

-

-

-

-

8856

1234

788

712

-

-

-

-

-

7428

2044

Dreamweaver
Fabergé Egg

795

877

-

-

-

-

-

9662

733

iEgg

795

778

-

-

-

-

-

8583

559

Vans x Stranger
Things Grandfather

795

657

-

-

-

-

-

2364

1050

797

694

-

-

-

-

-

13398

1695

799

821

-

-

-

-

-

9187

2900

800

828

-

-

-

-

-

27300

1789

Sunglasses with
Spikes

800

812

-

-

-

-

-

4353

1644

Chill Cap

800

754

-

High

-

-

-

159473

7821

Mid-Summer Lapel
Pin

800

743

-

-

-

-

-

9735

1463

BURBERRY LOLA
BAG - GEM 1.0

800

712

-

-

-

-

-

1564

602

Chaos Canyon Sugar
Egg
Egg of All-Devouring
Darkness
Tommy Hilfiger Ugly
Sweater
Halloween Baseball
Cap 2014
Egg of Equinox:
Night

Master of Disguise
Mustache
Portrait of a Hero in
ROBLOX
Super Bowl LVI
Crown

BURBERRY LOLA
BAG - BLOOM 1.0
Elton John x Karlie
Kloss Headphones

Springtime
Swordpack
Valentine Bounce
Boppers
Cincinnati Bengals
Super Bowl LVI
Helmet

Clock
Icicles Swordpack
White Fedora George Ezra
Purple Crazy Glasses

➤

NARS Black

Radioactive Egg of

800

672

-

-

-

-

-

17516

871

800

662

-

-

-

-

-

4792

1081

830

773

-

-

-

-

-

1623

969

838

703

-

-

-

-

-

81134

1662

844

798

-

-

-

-

-

9571

2741

847

709

-

-

-

-

-

1651

659

Shoulder Pads x
Achille Lauro 1.0

848

787

-

-

-

-

-

1604

631

Holiday Split Shades

849

753

-

-

-

-

-

6377

1276

8-Bit Roblox Coin

850

832

-

-

-

-

-

22788

7696

Los Angeles Rams
Super Bowl LVI

850

821

-

-

-

-

-

7282

2176

850

812

-

-

-

-

-

23306

1134

857

629

-

-

-

-

-

46974

1920

870

813

-

-

-

-

-

5313

1945

879

938

-

-

-

-

-

6181

376

Turkey Tie 2012

893

744

-

-

-

-

-

38664

1312

Ethereal Ghost Egg

898

756

-

-

-

-

-

42547

1940

Heart Hat

899

892

-

-

-

-

-

16027

599

Cataclysmic Egg

899

746

-

-

-

-

-

43124

2421

Starry Sleeping Cap

900

970

-

-

-

-

-

47716

6696

AmeriPhones

900

963

-

-

-

-

-

7946

562

900

951

-

-

-

-

-

2466

1269

900

919

-

-

-

-

-

14172

3066

900

816

-

-

-

-

-

2479

1127

928

928

-

-

-

-

-

31343

2106

945

834

-

-

-

-

-

44704

1641

950

959

-

-

-

-

-

7294

2611

950

825

-

-

-

-

-

6341

1252

959

840

-

-

-

-

-

8374

1493

960

783

-

-

-

-

-

26045

1400

982

808

-

-

-

-

-

7405

463

988

837

-

-

-

-

-

8103

1930

989

950

-

-

-

-

-

3430

653

Undead Apocalypse
Horns of Yesterday,
Today
Forever 21 Candy n'
Cake Cute Hat
2010 Fireworks
NFL Wilson Golden
Football Head
BURBERRY LOLA
BAG - GEM 3.0
Gucci Glam Rock

Helmet
Golden Pilgrim Hat
Aqueous Egg of
River Riding
TH Monogram Hat
Bluesteel Egg of
Genius

Gold Rose
Headphones
Gucci Horsebit 1955

Horsebit Bag

Shoulder Bag 3.0

3.0

Forever 21 Ice
Queen Face Beanie
Deluxe Game
Headset
Valentine's Day Cap
2014
Gold Headphones
Farce of the
Federation
Red 8-Bit Bow Tie
Charles Babbage

➤

Fabergé Egg
Korblox Ice Zombie
Gucci Dionysus Bag
Black Cat Scarf

Dionysus Bag
3.0

Angry Cyclops

990

981

-

-

-

-

-

3821

376

Pirate Elf

997

594

-

-

-

-

-

3502

232

Panda Knit

999

998

-

High

-

-

-

66714

3591

999

940

-

-

-

-

-

20530

4565

999

799

-

-

-

-

-

67767

2003

1000

1004

-

-

-

-

-

15445

1333

Bat Tie

1000

968

-

-

-

-

-

21437

1123

NFL Draft Chain

1000

931

-

-

-

-

-

8967

2296

Snowflake Styles

1000

927

-

-

-

-

-

54285

1692

Dangerous Eye Patch

1000

916

-

-

-

-

-

15926

1748

1000

870

-

-

-

-

-

1587

655

Eggcognito Egg

1000

748

-

-

-

-

-

43898

1602

Frankencap

1000

729

-

-

-

-

-

4013

263

Candy Corn Knit

1000

606

-

-

-

-

-

6815

444

1010

955

-

-

-

-

-

4343

1207

1025

441

-

-

-

-

-

12023

859

1045

967

-

-

-

-

-

5226

1444

1049

938

-

-

-

-

-

5512

301

1050

1000

-

-

-

-

-

17754

3983

1074

879

-

-

-

-

-

22279

912

24k Gold Forever
Beanie

1080

976

-

-

-

-

-

2482

1111

Toxic Urchin

1090

1076

-

-

-

-

-

1558

295

Shaggy

1098

1096

-

Amazing

-

-

-

1483656

25981

Recycled Wings

1099

1068

-

-

-

-

-

3228

597

1100

1129

-

-

-

-

-

5620

1021

Viridian Animal
Hoodie

1100

933

-

-

-

-

-

10841

1937

Blue Fabergé Egg

1139

1041

-

-

-

-

-

12181

655

GG Monogram Gucci
Blondie Bag (1.0)

1142

1147

-

-

-

-

-

1502

644

Sk9r Boi

1149

841

-

Normal

-

-

-

89068

2659

Captain Steampunk

1150

1062

-

-

-

-

-

5787

390

Noob Assist:
Astronaut Action

1150

937

-

-

-

-

-

18216

2368

1180

1223

-

-

-

-

-

2451

1483

1187

1035

-

-

-

-

-

11423

929

Gucci GG Marmont

Marmont Bag

Bag 3.0

3.0

Racing Helmet
Elegant Fabergé Egg
of Fancy Times

BURBERRY LOLA
BAG - BLOOM 3.0

Vans x The North
Face Snowboard
Sailing Hat
Vans Checkerboard
Bucket Hat
Ninja Elf
Gucci Spiked

Basketball

Basketball Bag

Bag 3.0

Ruby Serpent
Mummy Mask
Forever 21 Magic

➤

Happy Time Magic
Flower Bowler

Golden Butterfly
Wings - Mariah

HTB

Carey
Cloaked Assassin

Aqua Emperor Of

1198

1164

-

-

-

-

-

4901

660

Backpack with
Skateboard

1200

1341

-

-

-

-

-

5690

1490

DIY Rainbow Shaggy

1200

1231

-

Normal

-

-

-

6164

1277

8-Bit Royal Crown

1200

1119

-

-

-

-

-

119705

28413

Harbinger of the
Neverending Winter

1200

1069

-

-

-

-

-

4183

270

Royal Crown - KSI

1200

1047

-

-

-

-

-

16956

3563

Riptide

1200

971

-

-

-

-

-

72028

3114

Gucci Queen
Elizabeth Gorget x

1239

1161

-

-

-

-

-

1812

702

1246

1221

-

-

-

-

-

34177

3908

1250

1163

-

-

-

-

-

41002

6951

1250

1150

-

-

-

-

-

35576

3989

1250

1142

-

-

-

-

-

92988

3301

1250

1005

-

-

-

-

-

9499

1872

1260

1219

-

-

-

-

-

2296

1030

1264

1128

-

-

-

-

-

24379

992

1275

1184

-

-

-

-

-

10633

473

1294

1294

-

-

-

-

-

85364

5306

Halloween 2011
Paintball Cap

1298

929

-

-

-

-

-

40919

1333

Arctic Hood

1299

1018

-

-

-

-

-

38367

806

Scenic Egg of the
Clouds

1299

977

-

-

-

-

-

15007

616

Crossroads Sugar
Egg

1299

640

-

-

-

-

-

22726

1247

Violently Pink Egg of
Violent Opinions

1300

1346

-

-

-

-

-

4146

220

1300

1226

-

-

-

-

-

1888

610

1300

1218

-

-

-

-

-

5714

3202

1300

1193

-

-

-

-

-

2181

421

Chill Classic

1300

1092

-

-

-

-

-

77062

3682

Yellow Sleep Owl

1300

1088

-

-

-

-

-

1850

372

1315

1083

-

-

-

-

-

8322

770

Take a Chance

1323

1316

-

-

-

-

-

40904

3052

Wanwood Visor

1349

1347

-

-

-

-

-

6182

597

Earth Day 2010 Cap

1349

1273

-

-

-

-

-

3671

297

The Sky
Vans Obstacle

Achille Lauro (1.0)
Noob Attack: Frozen
Crossbow Collision
Pink Eye
Noob Attack: Laser
Scythe Scuffle
Swordpack
Hot Pink Snow
Leopard Fedora
Gobble Gobble
Googly Eyes
ROBLOX Classic
Brigand's Sword
Pumpkin Pi
White Ninja
Headband of the
Unimpeachable Soul

Gucci Queen
Elizabeth Gorget x
Achille Lauro (3.0)
Man City Crown
Crimson Bloom
Pauldrons

➤

Star Player
Headphones

Subzero Ski Specs

1350

1401

-

-

-

-

-

2699

177

1350

1388

-

-

-

-

-

3600

207

1350

1218

-

-

-

-

-

3652

1216

1350

1175

-

-

-

-

-

13026

1510

1356

1329

-

-

-

-

-

2562

1094

1366

1431

-

-

-

-

-

1527

554

1380

938

-

-

-

-

-

14800

969

Kind Egg of Sharing

1385

1265

-

-

-

-

-

3732

216

Eco Bot

1391

856

-

-

-

-

6078

496

1398

1376

-

-

-

-

4582

716

Santa Earmuffs

1399

1509

-

-

-

-

6027

371

Homemade Robot

1399

581

-

-

-

-

-

5690

550

1400

1497

-

-

-

-

-

6857

463

Blue Swashbuckler

1400

1406

-

-

-

-

-

3712

142

Sleepy Pink Raccoon

1400

1317

-

-

-

-

-

1240

318

1400

1316

-

-

-

-

-

6794

482

1400

1246

-

-

-

-

-

34015

3910

Powerface: Wretched
Wind

1400

1080

-

-

-

-

-

7998

948

Rockstar Guitar
Baseball Cap

1400

885

-

-

-

-

-

3817

284

1435

1543

-

-

-

-

-

1426

773

1490

1283

-

-

-

-

-

3615

209

1492

1138

-

-

-

-

-

2714

747

1497

1212

-

-

-

-

-

2110

475

1498

1564

-

-

-

-

-

75937

2988

1499

1438

-

-

-

-

-

5147

259

Christmas Tie

1499

1268

-

-

-

-

-

2048

232

Sk8r Grl

1500

1592

-

-

-

-

-

6106

581

Red Sleepy Owl

1500

1461

-

-

-

-

-

1130

238

1500

1358

-

-

-

-

-

915

211

1500

1227

-

-

-

-

-

2235

174

1500

1174

-

-

-

-

-

4013

571

1500

323

-

-

-

-

-

1439

221

Duskeye Egg of the
Crossroads
Joaquin's Guitar
The Locksmith's
Secret
McLaren Racing
Backpack
BURBERRY LOLA
BAG - REFLEX 3.0
Spiky Halloween
Shades

Ornate Creature
Horns

Silver Tetramino of
Accomplishment

Steampunk Robin
Hood

-

Noob Assist:
Gingerbread
Gratitude

Vans x Stranger
Things Hellfire Club
Jean Jacket
Sports Elf
Americone the
Beautiful
Bombastic
Bathysphere
Red Baseball Cap
Bouncing Egg of
Boing Boing

Krampus Shoulder

➤

Friend
Blue Knit Beanie
Ancient Lucky Top
Hat
Adorable Holiday
Mouse

Blue 8-Bit Antlers

1550

1552

-

-

-

-

-

5861

2932

1550

1492

-

-

-

-

-

4946

562

1550

1368

-

-

-

-

-

4955

808

1550

1132

-

-

-

-

-

3792

535

1590

1389

-

-

-

-

-

5449

329

1590

1307

-

-

-

-

-

2798

619

1594

1353

-

-

-

-

-

1474

552

1597

1165

-

-

-

-

-

3713

174

1599

1149

-

-

-

-

-

7240

344

1600

1730

-

Normal

-

-

-

10786

1356

1600

1629

-

-

-

-

-

4844

665

Halloween Harbinger

1600

1392

-

-

-

-

-

8251

590

Santa Hat

1600

1051

-

-

-

-

-

5688

512

1609

1571

-

-

-

-

-

8436

499

1625

1600

-

-

-

-

-

6334

2312

1645

1326

-

-

-

-

-

6432

598

1650

1523

-

-

-

-

-

5014

664

1666

1436

-

-

-

-

-

1246

533

Pink Penguin

1674

1297

-

-

-

-

-

8514

237

Cosmo Sloth

1681

1564

-

-

-

-

-

14917

1297

Camo Santa

1698

1108

-

-

-

-

-

3747

385

1699

1685

-

-

-

-

-

9609

1096

1700

1725

-

-

-

-

-

68852

18413

One Hundred
Thousand Eyeballs

1700

1495

-

-

-

-

10376

568

BIG: Rainbow Shades

1700

1354

-

-

-

-

-

2006

529

BIG: Galaxy Girl

1700

1328

-

-

-

-

-

4661

934

1714

1652

-

-

-

-

-

8159

589

Noob Attack: Pitch
Fork Pacification

1735

1546

-

-

-

-

-

2690

367

Steampunk
Headphones

1735

1095

-

-

-

-

-

8032

613

Red Fabergé Egg

1750

1717

-

-

-

-

-

6249

440

Noob Assist:
Sandwich Scramble
Ivory Bloom
Pauldrons
Christmas Fedora
2009 Graduation
Cap
Overseer
Oversleeper Sleep
Mask
Gucci Glam Rock
Shoulder Pads x
Achille Lauro 3.0
American Baseball
Cap
Stationary Egg of
Boring
Adurite Bowler
Casual Sunglasses
Pocket

Rusty Tetramino of
Competence
Black Headphones
Purple Steampunk
Robin Hood
Noob Attack: Scythe
Strike
BURBERRY LOLA
BAG - NIMBUS 1.0

Noob Attack: Fallen
Artemis Fatality
8-Bit HP Bar
Grotesque Pile of

Your Head, a
Marshmallow

➤

Floating in Hot
Chocolate

YHaMFiHC

Noob Attack: Pirate

1750

1407

-

-

-

-

-

4981

565

1768

1328

-

-

-

-

-

4422

328

1769

1470

-

-

-

-

-

1577

583

1770

1543

-

-

-

-

-

6751

514

1780

1519

-

-

-

-

-

6133

2350

1796

1602

-

-

-

-

-

1349

357

1796

1141

-

-

-

-

-

11217

1207

1798

1490

-

-

-

-

-

9037

436

1799

1842

-

-

-

-

-

3192

302

1799

1483

-

-

-

-

-

2661

335

Target Hat

1799

1442

-

-

-

-

-

4801

422

Shooting Star

1799

1353

-

-

-

-

-

3885

388

1800

1743

-

-

-

-

-

5079

593

1800

1676

-

-

-

-

-

3659

204

1800

1594

-

-

-

-

-

13905

646

1800

1480

-

-

-

-

-

2747

463

1800

1439

-

-

-

-

-

2727

728

1800

1352

-

-

-

-

-

3798

168

1840

1667

-

-

-

-

-

4966

661

1869

814

-

-

-

-

-

2398

243

1877

1668

-

-

-

-

-

3987

697

Gold Cut Out Shades

1878

1734

-

-

-

-

-

6493

428

The Irish Guard

1885

1527

-

-

-

-

-

6367

432

1898

1374

-

-

-

-

-

27078

512

1899

1634

-

-

-

-

-

4892

706

1899

1412

-

-

-

-

-

3783

536

1900

1796

-

-

-

-

-

5041

600

Zombie Ninja

1900

1437

-

-

-

-

-

4743

262

Traffic Cone

1925

2093

-

-

-

-

-

98561

11574

1929

1772

-

-

-

-

-

74626

1629

1949

1663

-

-

-

-

-

17808

1671

1950

1662

-

-

-

-

-

4908

627

Peril
Canadian Baseball
Cap
Emerald Gucci
Blondie Bag (3.0)
Double Rainbow
Vans x The North
Face Goggles
Glitz and Glitter
Heart Top Hat
Gingerbread
Headrow
Level Up Troll - Level
Up Prize
Happy Robot
Malachite Rock
Helmet

Noob Assist: Burger
Boost
Blinking Egg of
Relocation
Valentine's Day 2012
Cap
Crimson Demon-lite
Friday the 13th Top
Hat
Citizen 01
Noob Assist: Undead
Unrest
Eye Snake Shades
Comically Oversized
Hat

Christmas Baseball
Cap
Noob Assist: Taxing
Taxation
The King's Knight
Noob Attack: Golden
Sword Gladiator

➤

Summertime 2009
R&R&R
Overseer Overload
Headphones
Noob Attack:
Crescendo Crusher

Tee Vee

1960

1957

-

-

-

-

-

44165

3069

1975

1301

-

-

-

-

-

4979

599

1980

1846

-

High

-

-

-

67269

5960

Lucky Clover Cap

1987

1506

-

-

-

-

-

6535

403

Grumpy Robot

1989

1679

-

-

-

-

-

3450

240

Hanukkah Fedora

1990

1618

-

-

-

-

-

1650

246

1994

1832

-

-

-

-

-

1567

435

1995

1609

-

-

-

-

-

3317

243

1998

1394

-

-

-

-

-

4789

200

1999

1750

-

-

-

-

-

2648

335

1999

1055

-

-

-

-

-

1159

586

2000

2059

-

-

-

-

-

1439

614

2000

1899

-

-

-

-

-

1262

329

2000

1852

-

-

-

-

-

14753

801

2000

1726

-

-

-

-

-

4841

596

2000

1711

-

-

-

-

-

1575

313

2000

1657

-

-

-

-

-

5249

668

BIG: Bighead Santa

2000

1527

-

-

-

-

-

3406

925

Retro Pattern Shades

2000

1285

-

-

-

-

-

6875

299

2020

1804

-

-

-

-

-

4976

597

2030

1936

-

High

-

-

-

26583

3873

2030

904

-

-

-

-

-

3455

1304

2050

1981

-

-

-

-

-

3207

1571

2100

1874

-

-

-

-

-

1428

599

The Viridium Skull

2100

1706

-

-

-

-

-

2228

141

Mathzilla

2100

1683

-

-

-

-

-

3856

228

2100

1580

-

-

-

-

-

964

231

2149

1811

-

-

-

-

-

5087

688

Fantasy Santa

2180

1923

-

-

-

-

-

1501

106

Shooting Star 2014

2190

1859

-

-

-

-

-

3116

308

Reading Textbook

2193

1572

-

-

-

-

-

1953

139

2198

2058

-

-

-

-

-

1587

149

2199

1976

-

-

-

-

-

5147

596

Noob Attack:
Gearworks Grapple
Sinister Branches

Branches

Shinestone Eyes:
Emerald Extreme
Red Futurion Foot
Soldier
Red Monster League
Baseball Cap
Noob Attack:
Amerilaser Ambush
Elton John - Feather
Neck Piece
Elton John - Classic
Hair
Shinestone Eyes:
Sapphire Sass
Apple Pie
Noob Assist: Fearless
Filmer
Purple and White
Sleep Cap
Celtic Necklace of
Mystery

Noob Assist: Golden
Shield Guardian
Blizzard Beast Mode
Bandana
Guardian Angel
Wings
XXL Basketball Head
BURBERRY LOLA
BAG - NIMBUS 3.0

American Warrior:
White Hot Fury
Rusty Chrome

➤

Shades

Wanwood Egg of
ZOMG!
Noob Assist:
Basketball Buddy

BBMB

Captain Bluesteel

2200

2270

-

-

-

-

-

2567

212

Town and City Santa

2200

2051

-

-

-

-

-

1386

91

Periastron
Punishment

2210

2221

-

-

-

-

-

3091

344

Kid Robot

2244

1993

-

-

-

-

-

1190

68

Frankenstein Top Hat

2249

2233

-

-

-

-

-

599

135

BreezeKreig
Adventurer

2249

1703

-

-

-

-

-

14249

882

2250

2112

-

-

-

-

-

1952

862

Torque the Blue Orc

2290

2336

-

-

-

-

-

2615

544

Earth Day 2011 Tie

2290

1487

-

-

-

-

-

12632

664

Leopard Fedora

2299

2033

-

-

-

-

-

8111

672

Robot Fedora

2300

2266

-

-

-

-

-

906

197

Knit Lephrachaun

2300

2201

-

-

-

-

-

3688

332

2300

2091

-

-

-

-

-

2951

355

DIY Clockwork

2300

2056

-

Normal

-

-

-

3585

959

St. Patrick's Day 2012

2300

2040

-

-

-

-

-

13854

617

2300

1846

-

-

-

-

-

4896

611

Ultraviolet Pilot

2300

1763

-

-

-

-

-

998

87

Spring Bow Tie

2349

1474

-

-

-

-

-

1282

132

Tixsplosion

2350

2222

-

-

-

-

-

21614

1141

8-Bit Eyeball

2350

2200

-

-

-

-

-

1366

345

2395

2138

-

-

-

-

-

6271

862

2395

2097

-

-

-

-

-

7582

484

2398

2285

-

-

-

-

-

23575

2557

2399

2409

-

-

-

-

-

731

56

2399

2108

-

-

-

-

-

2575

402

2400

1714

-

-

-

-

-

1268

86

2400

295

-

-

-

-

-

9684

724

2443

1992

-

-

-

-

-

1104

235

2450

2163

-

-

-

-

-

3233

260

2450

2131

-

-

-

-

-

24664

1074

2490

2216

-

-

-

-

-

1368

197

2496

1412

-

-

-

-

-

1672

160

2497

2414

-

-

-

-

-

20632

711

Noob Attack:

Vans x Stranger
Things Portable
Cassette Player

Noob Attack: Raig
Table Revenge

Noob Assist: Donut
Dash

Noob Assist:
Fantastic Father
Ring of Fire Fedora
Green Ultimate
Dragon Face
Advanced Scuba
Gear
Crimson Horns of
Magic
Ultimate Slide
Skateboard
Xenotargeting
Oculus
Purple Bowler
Eldritch Harbinger of
the Great Old Ones

➤

Blue Winter Cap
Spider Web Collar
Dark Knight of the
Order of the Ram
Guardia Helm

BWC

Ebony Bloom

2499

2281

-

-

-

-

-

1421

271

Sci-Fi Santa

2500

2659

-

-

-

-

-

1473

113

Candy Cane Bow

2500

2399

-

-

-

-

-

2697

394

2500

2346

-

-

-

-

-

1558

151

2500

2333

-

-

-

-

-

2214

315

2500

2327

-

-

-

-

-

1156

128

Crocheted Cthulhu

2500

2281

-

-

-

-

-

1421

140

Cantaloupe Samurai

2500

1846

-

-

-

-

-

1351

116

Mid-Summer Cape

2500

1735

-

-

-

-

-

2329

335

Cyberforce Detective

2500

1179

-

-

-

-

-

2946

226

2539

1676

-

-

-

-

-

982

126

Fallen Pocket Pal

2550

2495

-

-

-

-

-

4874

645

Golden Egg of Kings

2550

2343

-

-

-

-

-

1885

190

Horror Santa

2600

2630

-

-

-

-

-

1380

122

2600

2435

-

-

-

-

-

1121

150

2600

2363

-

-

-

-

-

12226

1956

2600

2288

-

-

-

-

-

2525

306

2666

1540

-

-

-

-

-

2096

218

2669

2174

-

-

-

-

-

1214

100

2698

2543

-

-

-

-

-

73979

2311

2698

2256

-

-

-

-

4981

643

2699

1988

-

-

-

-

-

1150

88

2700

2677

-

-

-

-

-

1963

102

2700

2188

-

-

-

-

-

1014

96

2709

2734

-

-

-

-

-

3310

220

2740

2311

-

-

-

-

-

3501

935

2777

2437

-

-

-

-

-

2687

446

2777

611

-

-

-

-

-

1145

101

2799

2137

-

-

-

-

-

1565

168

Luckysphere

2799

1897

-

-

-

-

-

1195

151

Jade Warrior

2800

3184

-

-

-

-

-

3289

311

Bolt Biter

2800

3180

-

-

-

-

4454

194

Fancy Skateboard

2800

3010

-

-

-

-

-

6662

243

International Bowler

2800

2967

-

-

-

-

-

940

90

Pauldrons

Telamon's Mystery
Donuts
Major Overseer
Reese's Mystery
Pony Pinata

For the Ages:
William Shakespeare

Chocolate Business
Top Hat
Blue Ultimate
Dragon Face
Thrill Seeker
Rainbow Band
Fedora
United Kingdom Hat
Deluxe Ninja
Swordpack
Ruby Fabergé Egg of
Sparkle Time
27th Century
Centurion
Samurai 3000 AD
Turkey's Vengeance
Sword
Powerface: Extreme
Fire
Slimy Eye Ball Top
Hat
Halloween
Plungerpack
Guitar Sword
Chicago: The Windy

➤

City

Nuclear Winter

2800

2957

-

-

-

-

-

1238

149

2800

2895

-

-

-

-

-

1002

99

2800

2823

-

-

-

-

-

7116

473

2800

2692

-

-

-

-

-

1022

290

2800

2588

-

-

-

-

-

1584

181

Scare Mayor Top Hat

2800

2536

-

-

-

-

-

3215

252

Desert Warrior

2800

2501

-

-

-

-

-

628

53

Viridian Visor

2813

2002

-

-

-

-

2418

596

2818

2528

-

-

-

-

-

4593

631

2830

2835

-

-

-

-

-

8946

1121

2850

2738

-

-

-

-

-

820

62

2857

2754

-

-

-

-

-

1645

362

2869

2430

-

-

-

-

-

2512

540

Cloak x Achille Lauro
(3.0)

2884

2620

-

-

-

-

-

1165

449

Bunny Brigade

2890

2639

-

-

-

-

-

821

63

Valentine's Day 2011
Cap

2898

2834

-

-

-

-

-

3683

333

ROBLOX Summer
Glider

2898

1850

-

-

-

-

-

2666

231

Happy Jack-o'Lantern

2899

2496

-

-

-

-

-

11707

594

Neon Cheetah Tie

2899

2469

-

-

-

-

-

730

80

Cogswell McGear

2899

1732

-

-

-

-

-

1211

96

2900

3137

3500

Amazing

Stable

-

-

101582

16343

Mariah's Red Dress Mariah Carey

2900

2863

-

-

-

-

-

2453

1153

The Commissioner

2900

2745

-

-

-

-

-

4382

462

Bluesteel
Bathysphere

2900

2626

-

-

-

-

-

6779

537

Pi RAIG Table

2900

932

-

-

-

-

-

2416

313

Classy ROBLOX Bow
Tie

2915

2639

-

-

-

-

-

4232

465

Keytar Sword

2950

2237

-

-

-

-

-

754

93

Sorcus' Chair

2977

2489

-

-

-

-

-

2965

472

Red Wizard Hat of
Flames

2980

2378

-

-

-

-

-

1966

152

Brilliant Samurai

2988

2231

-

-

-

-

-

1788

168

Black Tricorne

2997

3171

-

-

-

-

-

3237

161

Dedrick Edmond
Darcy, V

2999

2945

-

-

-

-

-

1159

215

Sharp Looking Hat the Gear
Gold Tetramino of
Mastery
Honored Redcliff
Crown
Purple Fiesta
Sombrero

Omega Rainbow Top
Hat
Crimsonwrath
Guardia
Disloyal Order of the
Draphant
Telamon's Crafting
Jewel
Ninja Master: Dojo
of Despair
Gucci Saint Francis

➤

Silverthorn Antlers

STA

Ocher Helm of the
Lord of the Fire
Dragon

2999

2649

-

-

-

-

-

614

92

2999

2590

-

-

-

-

-

3349

322

2999

2552

-

-

-

-

-

3407

274

2999

2523

-

-

-

-

-

2602

364

Robot Patriot

2999

2491

-

-

-

-

-

633

58

Space Recon Helm

2999

2442

-

-

-

-

-

2070

196

2999

2304

-

-

-

-

-

740

75

Earth's Fire
Headdress

2999

2142

-

-

-

-

-

1381

94

Ninja Smoke Screen
Bandolier

2999

1851

-

-

-

-

-

769

132

Nerdy Bunny

3000

3529

-

-

-

-

-

1308

135

Wild West Santa

3000

3415

-

-

-

-

-

1462

111

Disguised Ice Prince

3000

3248

-

-

-

-

-

2370

442

Technicolor Shades

3000

3232

-

-

-

-

-

1031

175

Green Leaf Scarf

3000

3113

-

-

-

-

-

2459

356

Autumn King Crown

3000

3098

-

-

-

-

-

4786

654

Lucky Clover
Necklace

3000

3022

-

-

-

-

-

3998

340

CotM: January Camo
Chicken

3000

2805

-

-

-

-

-

6408

608

3000

2801

-

-

-

-

-

1409

111

3000

2777

-

-

-

-

-

3094

305

3000

2765

-

-

-

-

-

651

76

3000

2740

-

Normal

-

-

-

28587

1101

3000

2740

-

-

-

-

-

2626

474

3000

2739

-

-

-

-

-

899

107

3000

2675

-

Normal

-

-

-

12657

1263

3000

2591

-

-

-

-

-

1677

164

3000

2585

-

-

-

-

-

1875

157

3000

2348

-

-

-

-

-

1084

135

3000

2319

-

-

-

-

-

1273

113

3000

1255

-

-

-

-

-

3247

270

3050

2847

-

-

-

-

-

2276

327

3050

2128

-

-

-

-

-

2820

171

Greyson the Spiny
Forked
Wizards of the Astral
Isles: Frog
Transformer
Noob Attack:
Artemis Annhilation

Hat of the Week:
Year of the Tiger
Dragon

Knights of the
Seventh Sanctum :
Dual Duel Axes
Neon Party Mask
Order of the Cobalt
Diamond
RoBLING
Bombastic
Swordpack
Burger Launcher
Neon Bombastic
Animal Hoodie
Egg Tie 2011
Buildermaster
Headband
Cool Moon Shades
Americat the

➤

Beautiful
Commando Skullcap
Dr. Spooks Magic
Top Hat
Puzzling Egg of
Enigma

Noob Assist: S'mores

3069

2823

-

-

-

-

-

5047

606

3089

2791

-

-

-

-

-

19379

1302

3099

2793

-

-

-

-

-

2724

764

Merely's Web Slinger

3099

2510

-

-

-

-

-

1230

169

Festive Bucket

3100

2953

3500

Normal

Stable

-

-

8031

1860

Gold Beach Time Hat

3100

2670

-

-

-

-

-

960

81

3101

3065

-

-

-

-

-

794

99

Green Fabergé Egg

3145

2402

-

-

-

-

-

2744

177

Doom Bunny

3149

3002

-

-

-

-

-

1391

109

Junk Bot

3150

2324

-

-

-

-

-

641

69

3156

2602

-

-

-

-

-

4853

631

Iron Flying Viking

3199

2854

-

-

-

-

-

1016

92

Deadly Thorn Potion

3199

2346

-

-

-

-

-

668

84

Batty Shades

3200

3533

-

-

-

-

-

1227

94

3200

3120

-

-

-

-

-

1193

114

Alien Bird Soldier

3200

3044

-

-

-

-

-

910

64

Winter King Crown

3200

3033

-

-

-

-

-

4675

503

Cloak x Achille Lauro
(1.0)

3200

3015

-

-

-

-

-

1599

651

Gentlemen of Stratus

3200

2417

-

-

-

-

-

4386

311

Recycling Samurai

3222

2798

-

-

-

-

-

1028

291

Breakfast Shades

3250

3153

-

-

-

-

-

3149

306

Mid-Summer Horns

3269

3020

-

-

-

-

-

5039

1016

Rockin' Headrow

3269

2899

-

-

-

-

-

1999

320

Platinum Eye

3295

2854

-

-

-

-

-

4458

1087

Blue Swag Shades

3298

2590

3000

-

-

-

-

6344

500

Storm Lonedoom

3298

2896

-

-

-

-

-

1028

115

Tiger's Wrath Sword

3299

2252

-

-

-

-

-

1272

147

Heat Vision Goggles

3300

3371

-

Low

-

-

-

7299

753

Skull of Robloxians
Past

3300

3351

-

-

-

-

-

9758

1240

Noob Assist:
Marvelous Mom

3300

3321

-

-

-

-

-

4619

769

GG Monogram Gucci
Blondie Bag (3.0)

3300

3289

-

-

-

-

-

1492

905

Crazybot 10000

3300

2976

-

-

-

-

-

21127

2366

Sand Tempest
Nomad

3300

2917

-

-

-

-

-

2951

247

8-Bit Sword

3300

2852

-

-

-

-

-

6213

591

New York

3332

2966

-

-

-

-

-

1662

211

Exploding Lab Table

3333

3149

-

-

-

-

-

909

153

Snacker
Hyperlaser Gun
Amber Crystal Circlet

Rubber Chicken
Wand

Noob Assist: Pizza
Pal

Fishes Are Friends
Not Food

ACC

➤

Gucci Saint Francis

Ogre Friend

3338

2734

-

-

-

-

-

2751

200

Korblox Keeper

3350

3073

-

-

-

-

-

8606

640

Winged Knight
Helmet

3360

2775

-

-

-

-

-

627

96

Blue Pocket Pal

3370

2708

-

-

-

-

-

5007

703

Crown Of the
Overseer Overlord

3393

2992

-

-

-

-

-

2188

530

Cool Snowman Head

3398

2942

-

-

-

-

-

9895

517

3399

3197

-

Normal

-

-

-

15906

932

Post Apocalypse
General

3400

3638

-

-

-

-

-

1316

100

Pastel Guardia

3400

2988

-

-

-

-

-

3130

732

Canute the Great

3400

2488

-

-

-

-

-

905

71

Marginally Less
Modest Pile of Hat

3400

2018

-

-

-

-

-

860

88

Red Ultimate Dragon
Face

3430

3242

-

-

-

-

-

4757

823

Sk12r Boi

3450

3149

4000

Low

Stable

-

-

7086

580

Cool Santa

3479

2977

-

-

-

-

-

1394

208

Wanwood Autumn
King Crown

3483

2800

-

-

-

-

-

3010

532

Bighead

3499

3536

4000

Amazing

Stable

-

-

103134

15329

Emerald Evil Eye

3499

3108

-

-

-

-

-

5027

664

CotM: March
Chicken Pot Pi

3500

5347

-

-

-

-

2644

360

Pirate Chicken

3500

4912

-

-

-

-

-

1942

225

Knights of the
Splintered Sky:

3500

3662

-

-

-

-

-

581

123

3500

3650

-

-

-

-

-

787

208

3500

3505

-

-

-

-

-

1195

79

Flaming Hotphones

3500

3365

-

-

-

-

-

4809

335

Manicbot 10000

3500

3344

-

-

-

-

-

6021

866

DarkAge Nunchuks

3500

3236

-

-

-

-

-

1586

185

Silver Sentinel

3500

3203

-

-

-

-

-

667

76

Breakfast Top Hat

3500

3157

-

-

-

-

-

3304

293

3500

3112

-

-

-

-

-

5415

390

Treasure Patch

3500

2772

-

-

-

-

-

727

56

Raig Tree

3500

2750

-

-

-

-

-

1239

125

Earth Knight

3500

2668

-

-

-

-

-

1375

110

Neon Calaca

3500

2504

-

-

-

-

-

891

123

Harold

3523

3574

-

-

-

-

-

1226

108

3536

2532

-

-

-

-

-

1097

98

8-Bit Phoenix

Spec Alpha Biograft
Energy Sword

Alpha

Mindsmasher
Omega Rainbow
Bowler
Bloxxadore Domino
Mask

America's

➤

Swordpack

Turkey
Shoulderfriend

Failed Proofs of the

3539

3873

-

-

-

-

-

2930

116

3548

2498

-

-

-

-

-

1022

99

Darksteel Katana of
Ancient Illuminators

3560

2773

-

-

-

-

-

7039

675

Sebastian, the Fancy
Crab

3570

2402

-

-

-

-

-

1182

118

Amerilaser Blaster

3599

3608

-

-

-

-

-

1136

107

Rainboa

3640

3363

-

-

-

-

-

1959

289

BURBERRY LOLA
BAG - REFLEX 1.0

3666

1547

-

-

-

-

-

976

393

Golden Evil Eye

3699

3294

-

-

-

-

-

2657

446

Festive Traffic Cone

3699

3042

-

-

-

-

-

3555

723

Summer
Sophistication

3700

3507

-

-

-

-

-

792

51

El Presidente

3700

3205

-

-

-

-

-

5128

495

Vanishing Ninja Star

3719

3708

-

-

-

-

-

673

82

Bombastic Shutter
Shades

3750

3146

4000

Normal

Stable

-

-

4734

458

3750

3417

3500

High

Stable

-

-

51783

6872

Beach Day

3750

2024

-

-

-

-

-

1263

88

Crimson Periastron
Crown

3799

3912

-

-

-

-

-

1696

579

Magical Rainbow
Pony

3799

3433

-

-

-

-

-

1140

114

Annoying Elf:
Ostrichsized

3799

3254

-

-

-

-

-

1303

99

Metal Feathers of
Fate

3799

3110

-

-

-

-

-

844

107

Sports Santa

3799

2191

-

-

-

-

-

1482

119

Tokyokhaos Giraffe

3800

3904

-

-

-

-

-

3042

319

Cheezburger: The
Complete History

3800

3195

-

-

-

-

-

2225

217

Fiesta Sombrero

3800

3193

-

-

-

-

-

1620

145

ROBLOX World Tour
Lightning Guitar

3800

2863

-

-

-

-

-

2005

222

Spider Ninja
Headband

3800

2086

-

-

-

-

-

1593

186

Snakepack

3800

1982

-

-

-

-

-

1912

308

Green Goof

3825

3703

4000

High

Stable

-

-

19454

2161

Captain Y. S. Boat

3867

2888

-

-

-

-

-

1496

105

Autumn Wizard

3888

2638

-

-

-

-

-

687

83

Keith's Vengeance
Launcher

3888

2220

-

-

-

-

-

707

70

S-79 Speed Stunter

3897

3205

-

-

-

-

-

641

61

8-Bit Rainbow
Bowler

3898

2832

-

-

-

-

-

864

165

Riemann Hypothesis
Knights of the
Splintered Skies:
Ballista

➤

Black Iron
Commando

BIC

For the Ages:

3898

2772

-

-

-

-

-

1189

98

Mr. Chompers

3899

3481

-

-

-

-

-

1037

117

Ermine Cloak

3899

3467

-

-

-

-

-

2268

331

Fuchsia Kitty Ears

3899

3204

-

-

-

-

-

12106

355

Ninja Santa

3899

3144

-

-

-

-

-

1467

131

Crimson Evil Eye

3900

4310

-

-

-

-

-

5215

716

Bombastic Boa

3900

3953

-

-

-

-

-

4468

557

Annoying Elf: Keith

3900

3660

-

-

-

-

-

1359

105

3900

3528

-

-

-

-

-

730

58

3900

3459

-

-

-

-

-

1098

93

3900

3246

-

-

-

-

-

2199

538

Toothy Cap

3968

3625

-

-

-

-

-

2518

208

Neon Party Top Hat

3970

2811

-

-

-

-

-

896

97

Celtic Knight

3989

2644

-

-

-

-

-

827

223

3989

2426

-

-

-

-

-

2464

200

3994

2862

-

-

-

-

-

1446

141

3995

2366

-

-

-

-

-

1262

164

The Moon

3996

3599

-

-

-

-

-

5202

453

Brainwave Detector

3997

3049

-

-

-

-

-

622

72

Dare Devil Helmet

3998

3720

-

-

-

-

-

919

51

Profit Vision Goggles

3998

3544

-

-

-

-

-

6309

534

3998

3371

-

-

-

-

-

1585

126

3999

4190

-

-

-

-

-

9990

718

BaseSkull Cap

3999

3459

-

-

-

-

1348

90

Nordic Conqueror

3999

3338

-

-

-

-

-

639

67

3999

2928

-

-

-

-

-

738

91

3999

1778

-

-

-

-

-

456

105

3999

262

-

-

-

-

-

7728

271

4000

5196

-

-

-

-

2794

241

4000

4448

-

-

-

-

5045

233

4000

4310

-

-

-

-

-

4961

726

Green Starry Sight

4000

4264

-

High

-

-

-

23413

2645

Mad Scientist Hare

4000

4211

-

-

-

-

-

561

68

4000

4050

-

-

-

-

-

840

101

Abraham Lincoln

The Nightmare
Before Chrizzmax
The Awe Star
Icy Blue Viking Helm
of Frozen Victory

Dark Crimson Egg of
Nemesis
Adventure Santa
Blox U Grad Cap
2013

Kilty McJig's Irish
Bowler 2011
Recycled Cardboard
Shades

Emerald Crescent
Samurai
Fuzzy Bunny
Headgear
Yellow Dealy
Boppers
The Earth
The Axe of Undoing:
A Walmart Exclusive
Golden Chrome

➤

Shades

Sword of
Unvanquished
Snakes

League of the

4000

3871

-

-

-

-

702

59

Xanwood Bunny Ears

4000

3853

-

-

-

-

-

1027

188

Aztec Golden Eagle

4000

3680

-

-

-

-

-

1227

79

Blue Sleepy Koala

4000

3514

-

-

-

-

-

979

233

4000

3502

-

-

-

-

-

1041

178

Chillin' Headrow

4000

3305

-

-

-

-

-

2893

441

Ghost Hoverboard

4000

2934

-

-

-

-

-

1001

89

Sleepy Owl Friend

4000

2399

-

-

-

-

-

545

64

Robot Baseball Cap

4000

2138

-

-

-

-

-

1933

151

Fruitcake Topper

4000

1986

-

-

-

-

-

1059

214

4020

3844

-

High

-

-

-

11272

1832

Citrine Vision Visor

4025

3464

-

-

-

-

-

1419

170

Demon-lite

4085

2820

-

-

-

-

-

1239

119

4099

2960

-

-

-

-

-

1902

320

4099

2880

-

-

-

-

-

569

56

4100

4190

-

-

-

-

-

1291

169

Zip it!

4100

3101

-

-

-

-

-

1342

153

Space Trojan

4111

2467

-

-

-

-

-

1203

124

4130

3343

-

-

-

-

-

569

64

Sapphire Evil Eye

4150

3808

-

-

-

-

-

3888

564

The Riddling Skull

4180

3904

-

-

-

-

-

22948

1206

4193

2898

-

-

-

-

-

758

66

4199

4465

-

-

-

-

-

759

86

iLift Two

4199

3620

-

-

-

-

-

861

127

Coolbraham Lincoln

4199

3567

-

-

-

-

-

1266

127

4199

3428

-

-

-

-

-

4895

534

Dark Alien Hatchling

4199

3358

-

-

-

-

-

670

73

Korblox Ice Crown

4200

4741

-

-

-

-

-

9673

1210

4200

3864

-

-

-

-

-

1502

180

Gentleman Patriot

4218

2892

-

-

-

-

-

2941

127

Blue Goof

4221

4009

4500

High

Stable

-

-

24804

2648

Green Starface

4250

3996

-

Low

-

-

-

8862

773

Flying Squirrel Friend

4286

3048

5000

Low

Stable

-

-

2861

313

4286

3838

-

-

-

-

-

613

86

4286

1059

-

-

-

-

-

5015

2746

Minotaur

Portrait of a Hero on
a Snow Day

Camo Commando

Camo

Long Lost: Green
Pork Pie
Jack Frost
Amethyst Vision
Visor

Springtime Cutlass
Of Infinite Virtue

Red, White, and Bow
Tie
Wicked Racing
Helmet

Bluesteel Shutter
Shades

Merely's Bluesteel

➤

Hoverboard

Upside Down Cherry
Pie
Queen's Winter Tiara
- Mariah Carey

Tiara

Red Goof

4300

4062

4500

High

Stable

-

-

25360

2925

May Day 2014

4300

4302

-

-

-

-

-

3057

275

Cake Topper

4300

3579

-

-

-

-

-

1590

145

4315

2937

-

-

-

-

-

688

98

A Dark Omen

4333

3415

-

-

-

-

-

4797

490

White Witch Hat

4349

3687

-

-

-

-

-

3093

251

Ice Coldphones

4349

2920

-

-

-

-

-

13437

733

4350

3078

-

-

-

-

-

799

239

4350

2951

-

-

-

-

-

1141

121

4394

3091

-

-

-

-

-

2208

356

Golden Crown

4399

4081

4500

High

Stable

-

-

23501

2828

10 Lives

4399

3668

-

-

-

-

-

1188

91

4399

3365

-

-

-

-

-

902

133

4400

3463

-

-

-

-

-

824

145

4400

3313

-

-

-

-

-

799

76

4430

2761

-

-

-

-

-

654

139

Tiny Elf Hat

4437

4880

-

-

-

-

-

1738

133

Halloween Santa Hat

4444

3527

-

-

-

-

-

1234

113

4444

3248

-

-

-

-

-

1404

170

Ladies Who Lunch

4449

3131

-

-

-

-

-

1596

96

Universal Fedora

4459

4382

-

Normal

-

-

-

11621

1208

4480

2937

4500

High

Stable

-

-

38800

8415

4488

2967

-

-

-

-

-

1093

99

4497

2326

-

-

-

-

-

1004

93

4499

3953

-

-

-

-

-

2491

432

4499

3737

-

-

-

-

-

1352

118

Monster Bow Tie

4499

2680

-

-

-

-

-

1409

173

Swashbuckler

4499

2255

-

-

-

-

-

855

72

4499

2163

-

-

-

-

-

629

70

Cool Story Bro Tie

4500

4578

-

-

-

-

-

912

81

Kuddly Kraken

4500

4281

-

Normal

-

-

-

5536

657

4500

3909

-

-

-

-

-

1509

123

Violet Equinox

4500

3900

-

-

-

-

-

2880

389

Art Tie

4500

3801

-

-

-

-

-

1599

95

Festive Dual
Plungers

Amethyst Emperor
Of The Sky
Noob Attack: Katana
Khaos
Bloxy Cola Recycled
Aluminum Cap

Amber Emperor Of
The Sky
Gold Mechaknight
Mantle
Korblox: Tripmine
Advanced Exploding
Lab Table

Mysterious Witch
Pumpkin

Black Iron Antlers
Noob Attack: Ray
Gun Rumble
Gold Buckle
Capotain
Torque the Green
Orc
Halloween 2012 Top
Hat

Knights of Redcliff:

➤

Bow and Arrow

Modern Military
Santa

BIA

Paper Sword

4500

3769

-

-

-

-

-

963

89

4500

3696

-

-

-

-

-

308

78

4500

2885

-

-

-

-

-

747

65

4550

3795

-

-

-

-

-

1009

142

4599

3611

-

-

-

-

-

1564

157

4600

4133

-

-

-

-

-

4029

281

4600

3637

-

-

-

-

-

1391

136

Starlight Shades

4697

3626

-

-

-

-

-

1620

129

Tri-Laser 333

4700

3687

-

-

-

-

-

1786

194

Blue Sleepy Owl

4700

2939

-

-

-

-

-

1242

149

4748

4358

4500

Normal

Stable

-

-

5825

1516

Lucky Shades

4800

4625

-

-

-

-

-

4096

323

Mandrake Root

4800

4394

-

-

-

-

-

1878

215

4800

4221

-

-

-

-

-

2698

686

Annoying Elf: Finsurf

4850

2914

-

-

-

-

-

1336

85

Roblocop

4857

4789

-

-

-

-

-

891

79

4880

4045

-

-

-

-

-

1647

233

4895

3549

-

-

-

-

-

1332

115

4899

3567

-

-

-

-

-

1566

164

4900

4942

-

-

-

-

-

3139

213

4900

4308

-

-

-

-

-

1089

90

4900

3052

-

-

-

-

-

591

79

4913

2772

-

-

-

-

-

875

68

4919

2489

-

-

-

-

-

675

68

4949

316

4000

Normal

Stable

-

-

2165

190

4980

4903

-

-

-

-

-

2541

388

4989

4001

-

-

-

-

-

3374

266

Noob Attack!

4989

3533

-

-

-

-

-

1033

108

Thunderdrone

4990

3594

-

-

-

-

-

1172

84

4995

3401

-

-

-

-

-

1265

123

4998

3527

-

-

-

-

-

414

115

4998

2783

-

-

-

-

-

643

42

4999

5411

-

-

-

-

-

415

78

4999

4512

-

-

-

-

-

682

58

Loch Ness Monster
Cap
Peace Sign Glasses
Living Art: A New
President
United States Bow
Tie
2010 Party Cap
Year of the Dragon
Lantern

Diamond Crystal
Circlet

Sparkle Time Santa
Hat

Seranok's Golden
Chalice of Fame
Annoying Elf:
ReeseMcBlox
Labor Day 2009 Gear
Goggles
Comrade
Learn to Program
C++
Niagara Falls
Hydra Horned
Soldier
Dual Axe Monsters
The Tale of EPIC
DUCK
Neon Green Equinox
Invisible Egg of
Shadow

Bombastic Egg of
Annihilation

➤

Surfboard Hat for
your Back
Dangerface: The Hat
Portrait of a Hero on
a Tropical Vacation
Crazed Viking

DCC

Water Mage Hood

4999

4142

-

-

-

-

-

923

81

Desert Special Ops

4999

3572

-

-

-

-

-

971

87

4999

3500

-

-

-

-

-

959

94

4999

3479

-

-

-

-

-

687

90

Merica Airwalker

4999

2922

-

-

-

-

-

1289

104

Blue Chrome Glasses

5000

5414

-

-

-

-

-

957

200

Ruby Archfey Visage

5000

5194

-

Normal

-

-

-

5061

861

5000

5169

-

-

-

-

-

1106

139

Werewolf Mask

5000

3736

5000

Low

Stable

-

-

5069

222

Living Art: Abstract

5000

4963

-

-

-

-

-

853

91

Frog Beanie

5000

4858

-

-

-

-

-

850

60

Hypnobot

5000

4761

-

-

-

-

-

956

80

Treehugger Visor

5000

4648

-

-

-

-

-

7336

444

5000

4634

-

-

-

-

-

1594

212

5000

4355

-

-

-

-

-

594

79

5000

4195

-

-

-

-

-

5204

257

5000

4168

-

-

-

-

-

700

60

5000

3702

-

-

-

-

-

987

142

5000

3297

-

-

-

-

-

1464

113

5000

3245

-

-

-

-

-

588

78

5000

2796

-

-

-

-

-

898

132

5000

2364

-

-

-

-

-

1232

125

5042

4752

-

-

-

-

-

666

62

5090

3881

-

-

-

-

-

1128

157

5099

5497

-

-

-

-

-

1547

169

5100

4824

-

-

-

-

-

786

45

5111

5045

-

-

-

-

-

2201

282

5222

3276

-

-

-

-

-

1374

116

5250

5432

-

-

-

-

-

1033

113

5250

4755

-

-

-

-

-

2997

410

5250

4176

-

-

-

-

-

1880

172

Robot Wizard

5349

4632

-

-

-

-

-

834

106

Snowflake Tie

5350

5743

-

-

-

-

-

994

84

Core Magma Top
Hat
Spectral Sword of
Illusions

Hot Pink Fabergé
Egg

Sapphire Vision
Visor
Crazy Styles Cap and
Shades
Dragon's Blaze
Sword
Poseidon
Futurevision Green
Gaze
Kilty McJig's Irish
Bowler
Patriot Locator Top
Hat
Noble Hood of
Shining Virtue
Steampunk Tricorn
Great Northern
Conqueror
Brighteyes' Treasure
Chest
Back to School for
N00bs
Great White Warrior
Sparkle Time Lump
of Coal
DarkAge Ninjas:
Ninja Kitteh
Queen of Hearts
Omega Rainbow

➤

Fedora
ROBLOX Hexagon
Headphones

Yellow Starface

5350

4871

-

-

-

-

-

8712

742

Battle Bunny Knight

5393

2979

-

-

-

-

-

809

105

5395

4793

-

-

-

-

-

2777

418

5400

4904

-

-

-

-

-

1593

151

5429

4706

-

-

-

-

640

50

5431

3413

-

-

-

-

-

1231

119

5498

3776

-

-

-

-

-

985

88

Headrow

5500

5168

6000

Normal

Stable

-

-

21002

1295

Sir Burnsalot

5500

5605

-

-

-

-

-

3417

252

Striped Red Fedora

5500

5190

-

-

-

-

-

851

99

5500

4961

-

-

-

-

-

619

48

5500

4770

-

-

-

-

-

2389

269

5500

4693

-

Low

-

-

-

3424

393

5500

4673

-

-

-

-

-

1277

99

Oak Avenger

5500

3270

-

-

-

-

-

615

53

Evil Sultan

5500

2285

-

-

-

-

-

1229

92

Blue Starry Sight

5555

5071

-

Normal

-

-

-

11834

1624

Soldier of Misfortune

5555

2611

-

-

-

-

-

626

64

Bucket of the Sea

5600

5131

6000

Normal

Stable

-

-

4904

667

Green Amazeface

5665

5599

-

Normal

-

-

-

5063

684

5677

2257

-

-

-

-

-

1188

200

Pirate Santa

5690

3822

-

-

-

-

-

1473

117

Rainbow Sunglasses

5699

3736

-

-

-

-

-

1767

92

5700

5392

-

-

-

-

-

2337

320

5700

4779

-

-

-

-

-

1418

123

Cyborg Soldier

5714

3911

-

-

-

-

-

555

56

Cyanime Super Star

5739

4635

-

-

-

-

-

896

86

I, LOLRUS

5795

4752

-

-

-

-

-

525

73

5799

6075

-

-

-

-

-

923

87

5799

5707

-

-

-

-

-

6128

434

5800

5679

-

Normal

-

-

-

1278

569

5800

3929

-

-

-

-

-

665

67

Z Ray Gun

5877

4600

-

-

-

-

-

615

65

Mr. Rabbit

5898

4370

-

-

-

-

-

909

65

Putrid Green Head in
A Jar
Watermelon Samurai
Mystical Techno
Sand Walker
Noob Attack:
Luchador Liability
Staff of Celestial
Light

Super
HypnoGoggles
Skull and
Crossbones Fedora
Teakettle Hat
Fire Breathing
Dragon Friend

The Sleepy Elder
God

DJ Remix's
Goldphones
Maker Wrench Pack
2015

White Wolf of the
North
ROBLOX Classic:
Wizard's Hat
Chartreuse

➤

Periastron Crown
Wizard of Time, Of
All Times

Chart Crown

Benjamin Franklin

5898

3271

-

-

-

-

-

967

81

Sleepy Puppy

5900

6249

-

-

-

-

-

1779

162

5900

5227

-

-

-

-

-

725

88

5900

3984

-

-

-

-

-

973

128

5925

2354

6000

High

Stable

-

-

7912

3816

Bag O' Noobs

5989

4171

-

-

-

-

-

847

107

Thought Fortress

5994

911

-

-

-

-

-

4522

351

I Heart Mom Sign

5996

3183

6000

-

-

-

-

6174

384

Ronald McCenturion

5997

5652

-

-

-

-

-

626

51

Dark Soldier of SQL

5997

4144

-

-

-

-

-

612

64

Sword of Nefertiti

5998

5015

-

-

-

-

-

824

67

5998

4557

-

-

-

-

-

1130

76

Trashy Hat

5998

4163

-

-

-

-

-

634

78

2010 Roman Candle

5998

4109

-

-

-

-

-

1170

111

Chiefjustus Gavel

5999

6132

-

-

-

-

-

980

137

The Hematite Eye

5999

4062

6000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1898

638

The Reckoner

5999

5691

-

-

-

-

505

53

5999

5556

-

-

-

-

-

6427

526

5999

5510

-

-

-

-

-

5110

747

5999

5506

-

-

-

-

-

528

115

5999

5223

-

-

-

-

-

1024

82

Helm of Infinite
Pillage

5999

4066

-

-

-

-

-

12483

545

Kung Fu Soldier

6000

8862

-

-

-

-

583

68

Classic ROBLOX
Viking Helm

6000

1696

7000

Normal

Stable

-

-

3242

239

Humbug Tie

6000

6461

-

-

-

-

-

617

53

Blizzaria Warlock

6000

5833

-

-

-

-

-

3268

292

LOL Santa

6000

5518

-

-

-

-

-

1469

129

Halloween Formal
Top Hat

6000

5279

-

-

-

-

-

990

182

Homemade
Christmas Beanie

6000

5010

-

-

-

-

-

726

58

Magic Wizard Owl

6000

4175

-

-

-

-

-

1581

157

Violet Princess of the
North

6000

3912

-

-

-

-

-

789

108

Sinister P.

6000

3880

-

Normal

Stable

-

-

23756

1281

Purple Sleepy Koala

6000

3764

-

-

-

-

-

538

84

Bacon Ninja

6000

3532

-

-

-

-

-

3331

307

Cobolt Lightning
Pauldrons

6000

2931

-

-

-

-

-

1075

139

Rusted Steampunk
Pirate
Pumpkin Headrow
Blue Top Hat with
White Band

For the Ages: George
Washington

Captain Steelshanks
Recruiting Staff
Bacon Face
Onyx Emperor Of
The Sky Crown
Bacon Crown

BTH

➤

Bluesteel Viking

Noob Attack: Ninja

6100

4621

-

-

-

-

-

1120

104

Black Lightning

6149

6833

-

-

-

-

-

1852

161

The Bright One

6198

4564

-

-

-

-

-

891

144

Naval Vet

6199

3270

-

-

-

-

-

627

46

Patriot Vision

6200

4873

-

-

-

-

-

2057

215

Inferno Monster

6200

4585

-

-

-

-

-

797

67

Eggs Bandolier

6200

3867

-

-

-

-

-

677

117

Black Paintball Mask

6250

5896

-

Low

-

-

-

12640

627

6285

5396

-

Low

-

-

-

1901

195

6290

4562

-

-

-

-

-

1170

114

6314

4343

-

-

-

-

-

683

146

6320

6080

-

-

-

-

-

2063

259

6350

3681

-

-

-

-

-

488

39

Violet Starry Sight

6363

5775

-

Normal

-

-

-

4723

827

Yellow Bucket Hat

6367

5994

-

-

-

-

-

604

69

Blue Starface

6400

5866

-

Low

-

-

-

4709

387

6400

4579

-

-

-

-

-

655

70

Mischief Bowler

6400

4306

-

-

-

-

-

463

114

Gadgets Bandolier

6400

4079

-

-

-

-

-

679

107

6450

5363

-

-

-

-

-

1168

198

6498

4724

6000

-

-

-

-

716

175

6498

2666

-

-

-

-

-

836

74

Fancy Purple Hat

6499

5114

-

-

-

-

-

871

84

Dragon Guard

6499

4390

-

-

-

-

-

629

45

Blizzard Wand

6499

4381

-

-

-

-

-

580

78

Penguin Friend

6499

4157

-

-

-

-

-

1766

101

6500

6770

7000

High

Stable

-

-

21963

3647

Cyan Equinox

6500

6831

-

-

-

-

-

2254

239

Lavender Amazeface

6500

6095

-

Normal

-

-

-

4906

658

Cleopatra

6500

6024

-

-

-

-

-

3332

162

Well Accessorized
Time Punk

6500

5744

-

-

-

-

-

2033

205

Green
Submarineman

6500

5048

-

-

-

-

-

592

52

Thrift Shop Fedora

6500

4832

-

-

-

-

-

1488

105

Scary Bloxxing
Pumpkin

6500

4410

-

-

-

-

-

585

58

Nuisance

Black Iron Warhelm
of Pwnage
Noob Attack: Energy
Crisis
Orbital Violin: Deep
Freeze
Blue Wool Winter
Hat
Oceanic Guard
Helmet

Tropical Holiday
Shoulder Bird

Brighteyes' Pink Egg
of Anticipation
Lost Boy of Winter
Affectionately
Armored

Beautiful Hair for

➤

Beautiful Space
People

Space

Troll Pet

6549

3240

-

-

-

-

-

1031

76

6600

5903

-

Normal

-

-

-

2377

519

6640

7114

8000

High

Stable

-

-

12398

1691

6666

4886

-

-

-

-

-

813

192

6698

3267

-

-

-

-

-

1239

133

6700

7164

-

-

-

-

-

1009

76

6747

5498

-

-

-

-

-

2543

278

Dark Sorcerer

6750

5347

-

-

-

-

-

639

53

Lava Monster

6750

5141

-

-

-

-

-

585

70

Metal Ogre

6888

4308

-

-

-

-

-

673

43

6890

3701

6000

Low

Stable

-

-

2548

392

6899

6596

-

-

-

-

-

622

70

6899

5885

-

-

-

-

-

663

64

6899

4394

-

-

-

-

-

419

96

6900

7346

-

-

-

-

-

838

172

6900

3858

-

-

-

-

-

1126

107

6900

2387

-

-

-

-

-

786

54

6937

4361

-

-

-

-

-

2064

167

Demon Cap

6942

7368

-

-

-

-

-

1626

126

Inaugural Top Hat

6969

6796

-

-

-

-

-

792

89

6969

5189

-

-

-

-

-

882

84

Gigantohorns

6969

4598

-

-

-

-

-

602

84

Zombie Headrow

6989

4113

-

-

-

-

-

1328

201

Teenage Monster

6990

7666

-

-

-

-

623

53

Starlet Disguise

6991

3396

-

-

-

-

-

799

58

Iceworld Smuggler

6995

4214

-

-

-

-

-

1926

147

Chemistry Textbook

6997

3840

-

-

-

-

-

655

62

6997

2798

-

-

-

-

-

798

65

6998

5833

-

-

-

-

-

1241

97

6998

3448

-

-

-

-

-

891

116

6999

7915

-

-

-

-

-

1665

159

6999

4558

-

-

-

-

-

636

60

6999

4405

-

-

-

-

-

622

69

6999

4306

-

-

-

-

-

679

69

So Super Excited Pink
Neon Green
Beautiful Hair
Shocked Retro Robot
Head
Wormhole Tunneler
Cursed Mummy
Mask
ROBLOX World Tour
Hot Air Balloon

Red White and
Starface
Poison Horns
In Her Majesty's
Service
Golden
Specttofocals
Overseer
Oversleeper
Kilty McJig's 8-Bit
Fedora
Greenbot
Xtreme
Monochrome Hair

One Star General's
Beret

Bitter Chill: Guardian
of All Ice
HotThoth's Voodoo
Doll
Halloween Top Hat

➤

Candy Cane
Launcher
Roblox Headphones
Korblox - Fallen's
Spine Blade
Grand Master Knight

Neon Hair

Emerald

6999

4131

-

-

-

-

-

1724

179

Angry Pilgrim

6999

3479

-

-

-

-

-

688

74

Lei Day 2010

7000

7599

-

-

-

-

-

678

138

Zombie Grip Bomb

7000

7394

-

-

-

-

-

680

78

7000

6879

-

-

-

-

-

1046

157

7000

6681

-

-

-

-

-

1171

207

7000

6162

-

-

-

-

-

740

94

Red Chill

7000

5838

-

-

-

-

-

2502

200

Steam of Columbia

7000

4550

-

-

-

-

-

431

66

Earth Day Cowboy

7000

4301

-

-

-

-

-

391

86

7000

4170

-

-

-

-

-

675

47

Das Deutschlandlied

7000

4160

-

-

-

-

-

1218

91

Zombie Fiend

7000

4013

-

-

-

-

-

539

70

Exclamation

7000

3045

-

-

-

-

-

611

64

Dark Realm Soldier

7000

2794

-

-

-

-

-

1290

93

Banana Crown

7050

7369

-

-

-

-

-

553

64

7100

6282

-

-

-

-

-

3055

439

7100

4824

-

-

-

-

-

557

66

7110

5545

-

-

-

-

-

987

86

7143

7271

-

-

-

-

944

128

7143

3891

-

-

-

-

-

455

57

7149

5233

-

-

-

-

-

792

84

Lady May Day

7197

5329

-

-

-

-

-

544

55

Steampunkometer

7198

1001

-

-

-

-

-

800

61

Rocketman

7199

1178

-

-

-

-

-

585

86

Rose Amazeface

7200

7342

-

Normal

-

-

-

4898

708

7200

7113

-

-

-

-

-

447

67

7200

5909

-

-

-

-

-

483

79

7200

3709

-

-

-

-

-

724

45

7250

4610

-

-

-

-

-

1157

84

Magma Realm Mage

7250

4401

-

-

-

-

-

372

43

Bright Fighter

7250

3701

-

-

-

-

-

1092

79

7300

5345

-

-

-

-

-

1196

135

Fried Egg Eye Patch

7300

2613

-

-

-

-

-

2114

126

Winter Bowler

7349

3347

-

-

-

-

-

695

93

Voidthrasher

Merely's Pink Sparkle
Time Hoverboard
Egg Crazed
1337 Gaming
Headset

Sacred Fighter of the
Ninth Wonder

Daring Blonde Beard
Face
Improved Solar
System
Knight King
Chicken Fried
Sunglasses
Scythe Sayer
Jack O' The Mist - A
Target Exclusive

Lady Liberty
Headphones
Dance Police
Ninja of the Jade
Order
The Masked Popcorn

➤

Enthusiast!

Purple Horns of the
Mystic

Infinity Baseball Cap

7398

8087

-

-

-

-

-

837

64

7444

7327

8000

Normal

Stable

-

-

3137

366

7450

7968

-

-

-

-

-

1579

217

7450

4690

-

-

-

-

-

407

42

7470

6084

-

-

-

-

-

1127

98

Carnagecopia

7496

4138

-

-

-

-

-

645

82

Master Incinerator

7499

7637

-

-

-

-

641

71

7499

6164

-

-

-

-

-

401

69

7499

5918

-

-

-

-

-

1166

230

Mardi Skull Mask

7499

5838

-

-

-

-

-

991

82

Master Sergeant

7499

4955

-

-

-

-

-

553

40

Epic Failrus

7499

2461

-

-

-

-

-

656

52

7499

1403

-

-

-

-

-

4646

675

Jungle Commando

7500

7507

-

-

-

-

-

1532

172

Tornado Hat

7500

7037

-

-

-

-

-

967

95

Hedge Wizard's Hat

7500

6370

-

-

-

-

-

420

40

Katana of Destiny

7500

6308

-

-

-

-

-

798

77

7500

5803

-

-

-

-

-

826

70

7500

5244

-

-

-

-

-

647

66

7500

2491

5000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

605

62

7559

9241

-

-

-

-

-

717

107

7600

5442

-

-

-

-

-

894

192

7606

7640

-

-

-

-

-

303

29

7730

5459

-

-

-

-

-

670

59

American Woman

7750

7349

-

-

-

-

-

422

51

Inspector Catpunk

7775

6213

-

-

-

-

-

344

91

Classy Classic

7777

4697

-

-

-

-

-

637

63

Retribution Ray

7800

5900

-

-

-

-

-

718

88

Undead Sailor

7872

6011

-

-

-

-

-

469

49

Orinthian Crossbow

7888

7540

-

-

-

-

-

377

64

Icy Depths Fedora

7950

5439

-

-

-

-

-

2814

407

7995

6906

-

-

-

-

-

804

69

Lone Spaceman

7997

4258

-

-

-

-

-

589

53

Sword Punch

7997

2597

-

-

-

-

-

1276

128

7998

6523

-

-

-

-

-

423

58

Blue Plaid Fedora
Merely's Sparkle
Time Hoverboard
Neon Trihawk
Cursed Mummy
Friend

Wraith's Screech
Potion
Brighteyes'
Halloween Leftovers

Conductor's Gold
Pocket Watch

Red Mardi Gras
Mask
Laser Beam Mohawk
DarkAge Ninjas: Dual
Kamas
Neon Pink Pirate
Patch
Violet Spring
Butterfly Wings
Rooster Foot Soldier
Aluminum Recycled
Bowler

Peppermint

➤

Headphones

2010 New Year's Top
Hat

Blue Plaid

Protest Sign: We
Want User GUIs
Now!

7998

4457

-

-

-

-

-

873

87

Pumpkin Shutter
Shades

7999

8277

-

-

-

-

-

1037

101

Flora's Knight

7999

3678

-

-

-

-

-

651

78

Monster Friend

8000

9768

-

-

-

-

671

61

Orange Starface

8000

7560

-

Low

-

-

-

2948

283

Portrait of a Hero at
Carnival

8000

7040

-

-

-

-

-

301

51

8000

6677

-

-

-

-

-

579

89

8000

6263

-

-

-

-

-

484

55

8000

6124

-

-

-

-

-

901

120

Brontosaurus Shades

8000

5677

-

-

-

-

-

606

46

Redcliff Headphones

8000

4844

-

-

-

-

-

837

66

Shady Shades

8000

4770

-

-

-

-

-

395

44

Sorcerer's Top Hat

8000

4755

-

-

-

-

-

437

47

Sharp Shark Sword

8000

4566

-

-

-

-

-

444

67

8000

4230

-

-

-

-

-

526

39

8000

3929

-

-

-

-

-

495

62

8-Bit Viking

8000

3687

-

-

-

-

-

1670

143

O Canada

8099

5939

-

-

-

-

-

1217

120

8100

7421

-

-

-

-

-

1639

299

Silver Snake Fedora

8111

5410

-

-

-

-

-

769

77

Ochre Ogre

8123

8127

-

-

-

-

-

1491

181

8178

6533

-

-

-

-

-

1952

379

8200

7332

-

-

-

-

-

1171

207

8203

5303

-

-

-

-

-

384

101

8209

8214

-

-

-

-

-

1213

167

8239

4536

-

-

-

-

-

1258

154

8298

1012

9000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1578

222

8348

3101

7000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1115

121

Winged Headphones
of Beautiful Music

8350

8782

-

-

-

-

-

1409

267

Emerald Eye

8400

8380

-

Normal

-

-

-

3265

298

Santa Headrow

8400

4511

-

-

-

-

-

626

226

Noob Attack:
Venomshank

8448

5612

-

-

-

-

-

1230

183

Frozen Swordpack
Crown of the
Northern Tundra
Dark Lord
Levitating Staff of
the Cosmos

Firestarter
Sunshades
Prehistoric Piercing
Blade

Bombastic Scary
Hood

Cuckookrazybot
10000
Bluesteel Katana
Living Art: Number
Four
White Beanie with
Rainbow Hair
Bald Eagle
Telamon's Mystery
Box
McBrighteyes

➤

Shamrockin'
Headphones

Vengeance

Steampunk Bunny

8450

4516

-

-

-

-

-

860

118

Ivory Lion

8450

3511

-

-

-

-

-

796

63

8496

5278

-

-

-

-

-

654

82

Evil Vizer

8497

5467

-

-

-

-

-

534

50

ROBLOX CS Headset

8498

5965

-

-

-

-

-

532

73

Boo Visor

8499

8362

-

-

-

-

-

6275

402

Fuzzy Snowman Hat

8500

9246

-

-

-

-

-

719

62

Blue Amazeface

8500

6635

-

Normal

-

-

-

4810

600

8500

6524

-

-

-

-

-

1185

223

8500

6303

-

-

-

-

-

538

81

Gnome

8500

4691

-

-

-

-

-

543

46

Mrs. Rabbit

8500

4390

-

-

-

-

-

895

85

Golden Bling Braces

8592

7439

-

Normal

-

-

-

6529

899

Frank

8600

8764

-

-

-

-

-

370

54

Sword of Swords

8640

7012

-

-

-

-

626

71

Scythe Headphones

8650

7874

-

-

-

-

-

598

87

Vilethorn

8750

4176

-

-

-

-

-

678

56

8787

6422

-

-

-

-

-

292

62

8799

6847

-

-

-

-

-

818

124

8800

4750

-

-

-

-

-

1244

57

8826

9810

-

-

-

-

-

458

85

8880

6773

-

-

-

-

-

628

72

8884

4649

-

-

-

-

-

877

135

8888

8245

9000

Normal

Stable

-

-

11198

1702

8888

7576

-

-

-

-

-

596

60

8889

9054

-

-

-

-

-

9672

619

8899

5536

-

-

-

-

-

1177

110

Desert Airbreather

8900

8931

-

-

-

-

-

1329

133

Overseer Guardia

8900

8021

-

-

-

-

-

2696

431

8900

6637

-

-

-

-

-

532

80

8900

4138

-

-

-

-

-

671

49

8990

5894

-

-

-

-

-

641

66

8997

6940

-

-

-

-

-

651

57

8997

6221

-

-

-

-

-

600

63

Angry Snowman
Head

Golden Cloak Of
Heroic Adventures
Korblox Polar
Defense Helm

Overseer Armor
Pauldrons
Red Grind
Skateboard
Studded Trucker Hat
Recycled Cardboard
Top Hat

RCTH

Noob Locator Top
Hat
Lost Boy of Summer
Hair
Green Banded Top
Hat
General Turtle
Raven Lightning
Hood
Noob Attack: Bad
Hair Day

Futurevision Eye
Patch
Pocket Top Hat

➤

All Seeing
Necromancer
Unorthodox Pot of
Gold
Rock 'n Shades

GBTH

Light Face Melting

8997

6094

-

-

-

-

-

587

81

8997

3408

-

-

-

-

-

574

63

8998

7704

-

-

-

-

-

2983

258

YOLO Sombrero

8998

5482

-

-

-

-

-

501

94

Knittin' Chicken

8998

4024

-

-

-

-

-

579

42

8999

7014

-

-

-

-

-

1521

292

8999

6911

-

-

-

-

-

625

71

8999

6827

-

-

-

-

-

803

93

8999

6610

-

-

-

-

-

496

56

8999

5257

-

-

-

-

-

494

88

8999

5092

-

-

-

-

-

558

85

8999

4567

-

-

-

-

-

1292

137

9000

14380

-

-

-

-

680

68

<3 Fedora

9000

9956

-

-

-

-

-

983

122

Pie Knit

9000

9877

-

-

-

-

-

315

57

9000

9438

-

Normal

-

-

-

1187

220

9000

9309

-

-

-

-

-

2735

372

9000

9107

-

Normal

-

-

-

7526

542

9000

7961

-

-

-

-

-

418

95

9000

6576

-

-

-

-

-

569

70

9000

6492

-

-

-

-

-

631

88

Gold Visor

9000

6479

-

-

-

-

-

3704

263

Fabulous Ladies Hat

9000

6443

-

-

-

-

-

1302

146

9000

6175

-

-

-

-

-

737

132

Assassin of the All
Seeing Order

9000

6081

-

-

-

-

-

675

77

Captain Jupiter

9000

4956

-

-

-

-

-

538

58

Gravitron 3000

9000

4760

-

-

-

-

-

642

67

Fashionable
Contraption

9000

4410

-

-

-

-

-

613

72

Dark Dragon Lord

9000

3839

-

-

-

-

-

397

43

Piephones

9101

9149

-

-

-

-

-

278

45

The Darkest
Alchemist Faceplate

9185

6440

-

-

-

-

-

273

108

Octopus's Garden

9200

9317

-

-

-

-

696

76

Egg on your Face

9200

8029

-

Normal

-

-

6384

511

Guitar
Liberty Bell
Tasteless Baseball
Cap

Gold Mechaknight
Wings
Lightning Tie
Hazardous Waste
Goggles
Metal Cthulhu
Minion
Ne'Kotikoz Phaser
Touched by
Lightning
The Reaper's Claw
"Like Clockwork" Top
Hat

So Super Excited Blue
Friendly Trusting
Smile
Sinister S.
The Blade of the
Federation
Hallowreaper
Nightvision
Holoscope

Phoenix Winged
Knight Helmet

➤

Dark Hooded

-

Duck

9242

9245

-

-

-

-

-

642

75

9300

7918

-

-

-

-

-

818

212

9300

5916

-

-

-

-

-

610

60

9350

8156

9000

Normal

Stable

-

-

3529

679

9400

8886

-

-

-

-

-

569

97

9486

10802

9000

High

Stable

-

-

412859

8297

9490

6597

-

-

-

-

-

1488

122

Neon Rainbow
Phoenix

9495

6109

-

-

-

-

-

822

125

Extraterrestrial
Sunglasses

9497

7444

-

-

-

-

-

1142

78

Friendly Fedora

9499

7502

8000

Normal

Stable

-

-

4551

1203

Neon Party Glasses

9499

4120

-

-

-

-

-

1407

141

Neon Pink Shaggy

9500

8619

10000

Normal

Stable

-

-

4475

1261

Head Extension

9500

8789

-

-

-

-

-

1190

83

Rainbow Lost Boy

9500

7692

-

-

-

-

-

823

116

Cheesy Top Hat

9500

6803

-

-

-

-

-

645

36

Evil Hatbot

9500

6197

-

Low

-

-

-

434

114

Piano Man Bowler

9500

4617

-

-

-

-

-

613

77

O RLY?

9566

9566

-

-

-

-

-

1140

134

Rubber Duckie

9740

8585

9000

Normal

Stable

-

-

23547

1313

The Necrobloxicon

9750

6496

-

-

-

-

-

523

89

Flak Cannon

9750

5673

-

-

-

-

-

511

68

Copper Hat of Cents

9800

8137

-

-

-

-

-

642

106

Crimson Sultan of
1000 Troubles

9895

6659

-

-

-

-

-

588

128

Azure Arcanist

9899

6391

-

-

-

-

-

265

44

Flora

9899

3910

-

-

-

-

-

392

72

Faux Firebrand

9900

5575

-

-

-

-

-

550

64

Bat O' Lantern

9939

5570

-

-

-

-

-

768

95

Steampunk Pirate
Captain

9950

7906

-

-

-

-

-

591

89

Ninja Necktie

9975

4532

-

-

-

-

-

702

44

Glory Launcher 2012

9989

5091

-

-

-

-

-

517

83

Cyan Top Hat of the
Frozen North

9992

3008

-

-

-

-

-

440

72

Sk11r

9994

8469

-

-

-

-

-

1850

143

Game Over

9995

6428

-

-

-

-

-

1261

143

American Eagle

9997

6135

-

-

-

-

-

1034

134

Orbital Flute Strike

9997

5654

-

-

-

-

-

624

117

Korblox Krossbow

9997

5532

-

-

-

-

672

67

Sparkle Time Yum
Phones
Bearded Beanie
Brilliant
Bombastique

BB

Pig with Aviators
Perfectly Legitimate
Business Hat

Legit

The Agonizingly

➤

Ugly Yellow Baseball
Cap

Desert Commando

9998

7950

-

-

-

-

-

1506

422

9998

5577

-

-

-

-

-

1456

196

Black and White
Sword

9998

5477

-

-

-

-

-

570

98

Radioactive Robot

9998

5199

-

-

-

-

-

497

36

Master General

9998

4811

-

-

-

-

-

751

71

Green Martian Space
Helmet

9998

3816

-

-

-

-

-

811

62

Golden Gate Bridge

9999

12441

-

-

-

-

535

63

Cool Snowbunny

9999

10783

-

-

-

-

-

496

72

Overseer Collar

9999

8559

-

-

-

-

-

826

159

Canadian
Thanksgiving Hat

9999

8099

-

-

-

-

-

338

56

Sabretooth Leader

9999

8022

-

-

-

-

-

303

33

Crimsonpunk

9999

7831

-

-

-

-

-

565

76

Mr. Quackers

9999

7592

-

-

-

-

-

1054

132

Steampunk Kilty
McJig

9999

6080

-

-

-

-

594

49

Business Cat

9999

5731

-

-

-

-

-

1410

96

Space Lulz

9999

5073

-

-

-

-

-

644

86

iLift

10000

10842

-

-

-

-

845

115

LOLHOW

10000

10601

-

-

-

-

-

867

107

Evil Assassin from
the Bleakest Timeline

10000

10043

-

-

-

-

-

645

136

10000

9293

10000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1770

409

ROBLOX Tie

10000

9433

-

-

-

-

-

1189

83

Snow Queen Smile

10000

8614

9000

High

Stable

-

-

9976

1570

Hockey Mask

10000

8784

-

-

-

-

2136

230

Rainbow Hatbot

10000

8252

-

Low

-

-

-

1894

293

Dark Tidings

10000

8101

-

-

-

-

-

652

89

Portrait of a Hero
Camping

10000

7908

-

-

-

-

-

259

41

The Luck O' the Irish

10000

7072

-

-

-

-

-

1347

94

Robopunk

10000

6869

-

-

-

-

-

506

57

Super Shimmer
Shine Hat and

10000

6854

-

-

-

-

-

278

41

10000

6808

-

-

-

-

-

544

105

10000

6672

-

-

-

-

-

503

52

10000

6611

-

-

-

-

-

249

39

10000

6516

-

-

-

-

-

558

90

10000

6458

-

-

-

-

-

472

80

Merely's Green
Sparkle Time
Hoverboard

Purple Crystal Circlet

PCC

Glasses
Neon Chrome
Glasses
Dark Northern

➤

Conqueror
Festive Artemis Bow
Champion of
Azurewrath
Bloxster STB

Jazzy Gentleman

10000

6048

-

-

-

-

-

632

64

Pumpkin Necklace

10000

5881

-

-

-

-

-

605

51

10000

5269

-

-

-

-

-

266

67

10000

4805

-

-

-

-

-

369

61

Cthulhu in Disguise

10000

4614

-

-

-

-

-

655

58

Unlucky Top Hat

10000

4501

-

-

-

-

-

702

108

The Wise Ruler

10000

3989

-

-

-

-

-

621

60

10000

3190

-

-

-

-

-

522

56

10000

2953

-

-

-

-

-

649

69

10000

2461

-

-

-

-

-

1519

120

10024

10023

-

-

-

-

-

986

122

Vampumatiger
Hybrid

10101

10108

-

-

-

-

-

408

40

Emerald Clawed One

10303

10319

-

-

-

-

-

733

47

Mathemagician

10399

7903

-

-

-

-

-

290

36

Eggcellent Shades

10400

2734

10000

Low

Stable

-

-

380

80

Golden Bow Tie

10489

7983

-

-

-

-

-

1094

95

Trololololo Wand

10499

8763

-

-

-

-

-

691

71

Otterhead
Shortsword

10499

6733

-

-

-

-

-

260

30

Sapphire Eye

10500

11186

-

Low

-

-

-

1369

154

Snowman Headrow

10500

10388

-

-

-

-

-

597

101

Shark Launcher

10500

9037

-

-

-

-

-

663

54

Ninja Bandolier

10500

7685

-

-

-

-

-

724

98

Order of the Raven
Hood

10500

6562

-

-

-

-

-

637

49

Virtual BLOXcon Top
Hat

10508

10588

-

-

-

-

-

658

89

Galactic Forcefield
Glove

10700

7051

-

-

-

-

-

488

55

Pink Shades McCool

10800

7090

-

-

-

-

-

3532

421

Staff of the Raging
Storm

10800

2966

-

-

-

-

-

926

85

Coolest Founding
Father

10879

7906

-

-

-

-

-

1116

95

Diamond Blade
Sword

10888

8167

-

-

-

-

-

315

78

Silver Drake of the
Light

10899

7387

-

-

-

-

-

378

43

Absolutely Shocked

10930

10731

-

-

-

-

-

1222

331

Cool Story Air
Conditioner

10968

4038

-

-

-

-

-

630

90

10997

8174

-

Low

-

-

-

1032

200

Portrait of a Hero on
Thanksgiving
A Santa for All
Seasons

Portrait of Genius:
Einstein
Riddling Skull Sword
Cornucopia
Headphones
Solemn Dark One

➤

Outlawed

From the Vault:
Alligator Plushie

Alligator

The Reaper

10998

8090

-

-

-

-

-

574

63

Frominator

10998

7003

-

-

-

-

-

618

56

Rosey Smile

10999

10474

-

-

-

-

-

2301

417

10999

9445

-

-

-

-

-

1601

304

10999

7190

-

-

-

-

-

346

71

10999

6848

-

-

-

-

-

1512

193

11000

10155

-

-

-

-

-

607

90

11000

3678

10000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

572

59

11000

9708

10000

Normal

Stable

-

-

5517

1086

11000

9838

-

-

-

-

-

1459

222

Wolf Knight

11000

9425

-

-

-

-

-

602

100

Newton

11000

9106

-

-

-

-

-

561

74

11000

8812

-

-

-

-

-

569

59

Surprise!

11000

8439

-

-

-

-

-

1394

132

Overseer Crossbow

11000

8178

-

-

-

-

-

560

83

Cool Bones

11000

7612

-

-

-

-

-

639

91

Midnight Top Hat

11000

7180

-

-

-

-

-

821

75

Supreme Dark Mage

11000

6240

-

-

-

-

-

309

53

11000

4200

-

-

-

-

-

817

79

King Of Gore

11111

5769

-

-

-

-

-

308

45

ROBLOX Blimp

11111

4086

-

-

-

-

-

809

103

11200

10819

12000

Normal

Stable

-

-

2828

1025

11304

11424

-

-

-

-

-

309

49

11400

10893

-

-

-

-

-

783

93

11400

4937

-

-

-

-

-

646

55

11450

12158

12000

High

Stable

-

-

11274

2719

11450

10606

11000

Normal

Stable

-

-

6916

714

11450

7132

-

-

-

-

-

598

61

11499

9489

-

-

-

-

-

1229

192

11499

6836

-

-

-

-

-

418

62

11500

13667

-

-

-

-

-

1121

109

11500

10588

-

-

-

-

-

1176

103

Rainbow Equinox

11500

10052

-

-

-

-

-

918

90

8-Bit Fedora

11500

9718

-

-

-

-

-

562

62

Frozen Horns of the
Dangerous One
Sword of the Winter
Winds
Green Trance
Sophisticated
Seagull
Tree Master
Virtual Commando

VC

Overseer Hooded
Cloak

Something Dark
Within

Blue Mardi Gras
Mask

Emerald Valk Shades

EVS

Brighteyes' Summer
Vacation Leftovers
Halloween Bat
Shades
Santa Chimney Top
Hat
Adurite Antlers

AdA

Adurite Fedora with

Adurite

Black Iron Accent

Fedora

Winged Helm of the
Northern Brothers
Cursed Korblox
Pendant
Gentleman
Tyrannosaurus

➤

Winter
Masked Hood of the
Truest Seer

Heartbreaker Shades

11500

9282

-

-

-

-

-

475

73

Tea Cup

11600

7162

-

-

-

-

-

1711

370

LOLEARTH

11698

1937

9000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

618

83

Purple Alien

11700

10005

-

-

-

-

-

1305

224

Shady Business Hat

11799

9220

-

Low

-

-

-

2017

222

Twisted Darkling

11800

4970

-

-

-

-

-

561

81

Protest Sign: Noobs

11899

10351

-

-

-

-

-

552

60

11975

8982

-

-

-

-

-

1051

130

11990

6342

-

-

-

-

-

4234

532

11996

9469

-

-

-

-

1500

130

11997

4375

-

-

-

-

-

634

47

11998

8434

-

-

-

-

-

405

66

11999

9373

-

-

-

-

-

291

43

Mr. Fancy Top Hat

11999

8740

-

-

-

-

-

316

56

Ancient Warrior

11999

7346

-

-

-

-

-

293

49

The Party

11999

7338

-

-

-

-

-

991

93

Decorated Soldier

11999

5748

-

-

-

-

-

625

49

12000

12761

-

-

-

-

-

248

105

Crossing the
Delaware

12000

11399

-

-

-

-

-

165

41

Bucket

12000

10280

11000

Normal

Stable

-

-

8059

1030

Cardboard Dino

12000

4163

10000

Low

Stable

-

-

1211

90

Bacon Tie

12000

9226

-

-

-

-

-

482

51

King of New Calclica

12000

8628

-

-

-

-

-

452

68

Kitty Monster

12000

8295

-

-

-

-

-

593

61

Portrait of a Hero in
the Alps

12000

7929

-

-

-

-

-

162

44

Crimson Starface

12000

7719

-

Low

-

-

-

597

107

Silver Helmed Hero

12000

7579

-

-

-

-

-

784

110

Palm Tree Sunglasses

12000

7362

-

-

-

-

-

483

50

Kindergarten Cop

12000

7067

-

-

-

-

-

271

47

Protest Sign: Blame
John

12000

6900

-

-

-

-

-

596

90

Omega Rainbow
Sword

12000

6557

-

-

-

-

-

562

102

Lost World Paragon

12000

2698

-

-

-

-

-

534

55

Mythic Sword of the
Tides

12179

9912

-

-

-

-

-

552

85

Zombie Attack
Bunny

12250

7209

-

-

-

-

551

68

Soldier Of The Fade

12250

6508

-

-

-

-

646

67

Ninja Mask of
Awesome
Gritty Bombo
Red Hat of the
Orient
Accursed Vampire
Bat Hand
Blue Spartan of the
Future
Burning Otaku, the
Firesouled

Deluxe Periastron
Crown

➤

Portrait of a Hero

-

CotM: November

12345

9498

-

-

-

-

-

281

70

Leprechaun Friend

12345

3906

-

-

-

-

-

673

66

Timelord

12390

9763

-

-

-

-

-

674

102

12400

4441

-

-

-

-

-

642

58

Forgotten King

12498

8189

-

-

-

-

-

311

41

Crimson Shaggy

12499

11431

-

Normal

-

-

-

1433

318

The King's Steward

12499

3415

-

-

-

-

-

560

53

12500

13929

-

-

-

-

-

1779

269

12500

11950

-

-

-

-

-

776

133

Sinister Q.

12500

10874

-

Normal

-

-

-

2071

476

Orange Goggles

12500

8871

-

-

-

-

-

260

55

Epic Duck Racer

12600

11068

-

-

-

-

-

916

77

12690

10489

-

-

-

-

-

268

55

12857

12610

-

Normal

-

-

-

4897

882

12857

5068

-

-

-

-

-

314

49

12897

8134

-

-

-

-

363

88

12900

10497

-

-

-

-

-

267

67

12994

8607

-

-

-

-

-

603

83

Pumpkin Bucket

12995

10671

-

-

-

-

-

2910

211

Polar Bear Cub

12998

9151

-

-

-

-

-

1029

73

Land Shark Shooter

12998

8438

-

-

-

-

-

659

142

The Viper Band

12998

5579

-

-

-

-

-

1396

109

Steampunk Santa

12998

3191

-

-

-

-

-

740

89

12999

13748

-

-

-

-

-

238

177

12999

12665

-

-

-

-

611

100

12999

12152

-

-

-

-

-

2021

356

Eyes of Everfrost

12999

10441

-

-

-

-

-

1014

115

Alien Death Panda

12999

8629

-

-

-

-

-

856

73

12999

7432

-

-

-

-

-

382

46

12999

7407

-

-

-

-

-

395

42

1337 Cyber Assassin

12999

5404

-

-

-

-

-

901

83

Camoface

13000

13406

-

-

-

-

-

786

102

13000

13365

-

-

-

-

-

298

54

13000

12459

-

-

-

-

-

625

73

Football Fowl

Submarine
Commander

Gilded Wings of
Glory
Sword of the Eternal
Abyss

Katana Crown of the
Silent Sun
DIY Dominus
Empyreus
Visormetic
Holoscope
Pinky The Cyclops
Mythic Sword of the
Earth
Halloween Lorebook
One

NARS Lip Crossbody
Bag 1.0
Orbital Violin Strike
Red Sparkle Time
Claymore

Roblox Rally 2011
Top Hat
Magical Turkey

➤

Wand

Hazardous Material
Headphones
Heart Shutter Shades

Anti-Valentine's Day

13000

12360

-

-

-

-

770

147

13000

12279

-

-

-

-

345

147

13000

11639

-

-

-

-

-

175

51

13000

11116

-

-

-

-

-

465

55

13000

10716

-

-

-

-

-

539

84

13000

8931

-

-

-

-

-

715

126

13000

8054

-

-

-

-

-

518

37

Roman Flank Soldier

13000

7515

-

-

-

-

-

504

65

Dancing Strawberry

13000

6717

-

-

-

-

-

959

91

The Keymaster

13000

5634

-

-

-

-

-

589

55

Mischief Maker

13000

5175

-

-

-

-

-

601

45

13000

0

-

-

-

-

-

5339

2218

Medieval Ninja

13143

3555

-

-

-

-

-

809

72

Knight of the Night

13337

6949

-

-

-

-

-

640

63

Firebrand Wings

13399

10532

-

-

-

-

-

918

131

13498

7361

-

-

-

-

-

537

37

13499

8562

-

-

-

-

-

255

43

13500

9083

-

-

-

-

568

67

13600

14339

-

-

-

-

-

293

205

13649

9867

-

-

-

-

-

584

67

13666

7043

-

-

-

-

-

304

61

13749

5911

-

-

-

-

-

265

41

Fawkes Face

13800

7981

10000

Low

Stable

-

-

3140

392

True Love Smile

13950

12046

-

-

-

-

-

2589

297

Mardi Gras Jester

13950

4247

-

-

-

-

-

698

57

Zombie Cat

13986

10711

-

-

-

-

-

666

49

Cardboard Bowler

13990

9479

-

-

-

-

-

540

65

13998

8722

-

-

-

-

-

477

83

DIY Headrow

13998

8366

-

-

-

-

-

482

116

Got Milk Visor

13999

14564

-

-

-

-

-

2103

204

13999

13405

-

Normal

-

-

-

419

116

LOLWHY

13999

11798

-

-

-

-

-

1456

133

Hungry Lion Friend

13999

9717

-

-

-

-

-

676

65

Gearloose Goggles

13999

5739

-

-

-

-

-

562

61

Heartbreaker

14000

15251

-

-

-

-

-

804

106

Tie
Lord of the
Fedoration
Caveman Cloak
Enchanted Bat Flying
Potion
Masked Hood of the
Patriot
Bombastic Katana
Courageous Warrior
King

Infernal Undead
Immortal Sword

The Adventure of
the Birthday Surprise
Ultracrimson Time
Lord
Hollywood Sign
NARS Lip Crossbody
Bag 3.0
Seeing Stars
Zombification
Injection
Lightning Cobalt
Pauldrons

Spring Sword of
Growth

So Super Excited -

➤

Purple

Undead

-

Dual Monster Axes

14000

14912

-

-

-

-

566

95

14000

14471

-

-

-

-

-

299

39

14000

12695

-

-

-

-

-

675

73

14000

11622

-

-

-

-

-

266

33

14000

11548

-

-

-

-

-

610

74

Blue Trance

14000

11116

-

-

-

-

-

599

87

Steampunk Cowboy

14000

10612

-

-

-

-

-

886

119

14000

10384

-

-

-

-

-

431

42

Dancing Apple

14000

9560

-

-

-

-

-

936

68

Manix Ironstench

14000

9470

-

-

-

-

-

477

60

14000

8123

-

-

-

-

-

459

104

Black Magic Top Hat

14000

7019

-

-

-

-

-

502

51

Walrus

14000

5904

-

-

-

-

685

90

Epic Failosaurus

14111

11050

-

-

-

-

-

656

50

Fireman of Yore

14141

7839

-

-

-

-

-

283

31

14141

4446

-

-

-

-

-

330

68

14200

8705

-

-

-

-

-

967

98

14285

5640

10000

Low

Stable

-

-

1246

135

14286

12444

15000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1729

391

ROBLOX Friendship
Left

14286

14086

-

-

-

-

-

611

77

Fool of the
Federation

14300

15061

-

-

-

-

-

1431

232

Jester's Cap

14400

7573

-

-

-

-

-

806

78

Light Student

14420

7667

-

-

-

-

-

1978

235

Gaelic Guardian

14444

14132

-

-

-

-

-

307

90

St. Nick's Leisure
Wear

14497

2111

6000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

256

43

Starry Eyed Shades

14499

10712

-

-

-

-

924

54

Vicious Fishes

14500

18288

-

-

-

-

660

61

Helm of the Flashing
Bolt

14500

12505

-

Normal

-

-

-

3915

395

Minty Fresh Fedora

14500

10029

-

-

-

-

-

424

45

Aether Adept

14500

9508

-

-

-

-

-

638

91

Atomic Neon Top
Hat

14500

9281

-

-

-

-

-

204

39

Ice Wizard

14500

7719

-

-

-

-

-

315

55

The Merry Avenger

14666

8555

-

-

-

-

-

637

65

14800

12717

-

-

-

-

-

3091

598

Platinum Pirate
Headphones
Irish Gentleman
Servant of the Secret
Fire
Living Art: The
Scream

Magented Masked
Saboteur

Shinestone Shades:
Ruby Radiance

Dragon's Breath
Potion
Korblox
Deathspeaker's Spell
Book
Hot Jams
Headphones

➤

Xanwood Fedora

From the Vault:
Dozens of Dinosaurs

XF

Dinos

Trance

14800

12645

-

-

-

-

-

906

111

Holly Jolly Bow Tie

14899

15011

-

-

-

-

-

317

37

14900

7500

-

-

-

-

-

284

46

Blue Eyeroll

14948

14444

-

-

-

-

-

2684

415

Purple Unicorn Knit

14950

11080

-

-

-

-

-

1872

195

8-Bit Wonder

14995

12619

-

-

-

-

-

571

76

Blue Snipers Visor

14998

11527

-

-

-

-

-

2323

209

The Stranger

14998

10125

-

-

-

-

-

264

47

14999

13533

-

-

-

-

-

597

69

14999

12914

-

-

-

-

-

363

42

14999

11864

-

-

-

-

-

860

95

14999

11818

-

-

-

-

-

349

32

14999

11043

-

-

-

-

-

647

131

14999

9327

-

-

-

-

-

265

42

14999

8934

-

-

-

-

-

331

48

15000

16016

-

-

-

-

-

1363

228

Ace of Hearts

15000

15722

-

-

-

-

-

648

88

Overseer Overlord

15000

12882

-

-

-

-

-

274

53

Mildly Irritated Face

15000

10790

-

-

-

-

580

148

15000

10593

-

-

-

-

412

61

15000

10342

-

-

-

-

415

54

15000

9395

-

-

-

-

-

311

54

Bam

15000

9065

-

-

-

-

-

641

64

Sword of the Seas

15000

4496

9000

-

-

-

-

407

75

15000

8893

-

-

-

-

-

623

51

15000

8056

-

-

-

-

-

257

50

All Hallow's Sword

15000

7923

-

-

-

-

-

620

97

Evil Henchman

15000

7696

-

-

-

-

-

486

41

Zeppelin Top Hat

15000

7519

-

-

-

-

-

312

38

Taco Launcher

15000

7501

-

-

-

-

-

872

81

Slithering Slayer

15000

7443

-

-

-

-

-

702

67

Fiery Bone Trap

15000

6936

-

-

-

-

-

1018

90

Robosquid

15000

5561

-

-

-

-

-

553

42

Chipper Chap

15000

5172

-

-

-

-

-

700

55

Festive Monster

15237

9643

-

-

-

-

-

431

64

Butterfly

15400

11941

-

-

-

-

-

873

84

The Pharaohs Guard
Sword

Halloween Headrow
2011
Desert Ninja
Pink Winter Cap
Beat Blasters
Korblox Ice Crystal
Circlet
Monster Slayer
America's
Steampunk Crown
Sneaky Green-Eyed
Snake

Mythic Sword of the
West Wind
Skull Tie
Neon Lights Bowler
and Mustache

Spider Shoulder
Friend
Steampunk

➤

Sweetheart Top Hat

PWC

-

Wanderer Vampire

15499

12010

-

-

-

-

615

46

Naval Brigade

15500

18176

-

-

-

-

3886

233

Robot Costume

15500

15667

-

-

-

-

-

667

43

Bejewled Necklace

15500

10381

-

-

-

-

-

310

45

15500

6272

-

-

-

-

-

618

76

Flying Meteor

15500

5208

-

-

-

-

-

648

53

Eyes of Everflame

15569

15044

-

-

-

-

-

611

122

Epic Duck Roped

15800

16967

-

-

-

-

-

602

107

15800

12581

-

-

-

-

-

418

82

15822

15823

-

Low

-

-

-

3821

696

15898

11453

-

-

-

-

-

334

43

15900

9739

-

-

-

-

-

1224

129

15994

11441

-

-

-

-

-

219

69

Rainbow Katana

15998

7231

-

-

-

-

-

1224

181

Orbital Piano Strike

15999

11399

-

-

-

-

-

607

112

15999

7263

-

-

-

-

-

426

101

Rustlika: Punk

16000

16135

-

-

-

-

478

160

Princess Hat

16000

14720

-

-

-

-

-

3139

282

16000

12680

-

-

-

-

-

194

32

Evil Duck Roped

16000

12487

-

-

-

-

-

544

103

It's so beautiful!

16000

12232

-

-

-

-

-

589

65

Princess Top Hat

16000

11970

-

-

-

-

-

296

52

Watermelon Helm

16000

11137

-

-

-

-

-

991

81

Yachting Fedora

16000

9355

-

-

-

-

-

686

79

Furious Master Shen

16000

4386

-

-

-

-

-

302

43

Crazy Spiked Hood

16236

14138

-

-

-

-

-

374

42

Hat-Eating Hat

16300

6244

-

-

-

-

-

268

77

Dark Masquerade

16500

18898

-

-

-

-

233

84

Ramblin' Man

16500

12775

-

-

-

-

-

353

45

Purple Starface

16500

10995

-

Low

-

-

-

572

88

Police Badge

16515

9635

-

-

-

-

-

746

82

Skull Patrick

16666

6828

-

-

-

-

-

250

34

16777

6792

-

-

-

-

-

1195

71

16961

5374

-

-

-

-

-

345

42

16996

9302

-

-

-

-

-

1283

113

Slayer

Order of the Ruby
Dragon

Overseer Short
Sword
Red Serious Scar
Face
Warrior of the Third
Eye
Azurewrath's Return
Silver Cyborg Face
Gear

Sparkle Time
Chicken

Otterhead
Longsword

➤

Bull Moose
Sympathizer
Abraham Dusek
Thanksgiving Parade
Balloon 2011: Fried
Turkey Tel

Steampunk Samurai

16997

9229

-

-

-

-

-

190

34

Geography Textbook

16999

12904

-

-

-

-

-

281

37

Ronald McNinja

16999

11746

-

-

-

-

-

251

32

17000

15876

-

-

-

-

-

383

63

17000

15718

14000

Normal

Stable

-

-

12419

1819

17000

3713

10000

Low

Stable

-

-

716

63

17000

5813

-

-

-

-

-

560

45

17000

3524

-

High

-

-

-

6670

2474

17000

2860

-

-

-

-

-

317

38

17171

10049

-

-

-

-

-

1023

157

17444

13292

-

-

-

-

-

1242

132

Rusty McBucketton

17469

5883

-

-

-

-

-

214

32

Ornate Headdress

17486

15208

-

-

-

-

-

522

82

Ocean Samurai

17498

14034

-

-

-

-

543

39

Lost Slayer

17499

2000

9000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

987

103

17500

14981

-

-

-

-

-

1517

187

17500

14275

-

-

-

-

-

568

74

17500

8824

-

-

-

-

-

197

40

17500

8750

-

-

-

-

-

174

50

17500

6104

-

-

-

-

-

475

37

Flying Nightmare

17777

13937

-

-

-

-

-

590

130

Sunflower Monster

17800

18363

-

-

-

-

-

495

34

Magic Lamp

17800

5650

-

-

-

-

-

805

81

17898

11156

-

-

-

-

-

245

53

Zip It!

17996

14566

-

-

-

-

-

844

108

Horror Movie Reject

17998

13272

-

-

-

-

-

552

68

The Raven

17999

15720

-

-

-

-

-

1164

145

17999

12265

-

-

-

-

-

262

59

17999

5405

-

-

-

-

-

438

43

18000

12807

20000

Normal

Stable

-

-

3681

665

18000

17612

-

-

-

-

496

78

18000

16394

-

-

-

-

-

213

117

18000

8662

-

-

-

-

-

399

45

18000

3088

-

-

-

-

-

631

45

Virtual BLOXcon
Headphones
Purple Wistful Wink

PWW

ROBLOX Drill
Sergeant
Dare Devil
Heart Gaze - Zara
Larsson

Zara

Lord of the
Skeletons
Overseer Warlord's
Sword
Laser Spec Ops
Goggles

Legendary Egg of
Gygax
Valkyrie 3000
Master of
Swordermonies
Diademed Barbarian
Prince
King Poseidon's
Crown

Overseer Smashing
Hammer

Cupid's Beloved
Blade
Fortune Teller
Pink Mermaid
Princess

➤

Forbidden Box
Gucci Dionysus Bag
with Bee
Noramros the Hero's
Hero
Dino Jaw Crown

Bee Bag 1.0

Police Sergeants Cap

18295

15796

-

-

-

-

-

1096

113

18497

12827

-

-

-

-

-

234

43

18499

17109

15000

Normal

Stable

-

-

20841

2663

Rudolph

18500

18587

-

-

-

-

-

984

116

Uncle Zom's Hat

18500

13841

-

-

-

-

-

408

91

Steamroller

18500

6801

-

-

-

-

-

320

40

Danger's Minion

18799

30746

-

-

-

-

562

52

Royal Faerie Wings

18899

11185

-

-

-

-

-

597

130

18900

14824

-

-

-

-

-

272

71

18900

12399

-

-

-

-

-

312

96

Discophones

18944

11904

-

-

-

-

-

559

65

Happy 100K Day

18985

10993

-

-

-

-

-

403

50

RoVacuum 2012

18990

2012

6000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

972

118

Ghostfire Dagger

18995

12850

-

-

-

-

-

1946

153

Rockstar Disguise

18999

14755

-

-

-

-

-

1096

151

Blue Rock Star Smile

19000

15137

-

-

-

-

-

928

239

Off the Chain Style

19000

10465

-

-

-

-

-

316

43

19000

4806

-

-

-

-

-

610

64

19191

9244

-

-

-

-

-

215

35

19300

18842

-

-

-

-

-

658

120

Roadtrippin' Shades

19399

14012

-

-

-

-

-

966

79

Snowman Face

19497

15931

-

-

-

-

-

1170

114

19499

4754

-

-

-

-

-

1345

149

Ruler of Light

19500

17434

-

-

-

-

-

173

80

Elven Princess

19500

14298

-

-

-

-

-

557

88

Royal Guard

19500

11577

-

-

-

-

-

252

41

Overseer's Axe

19835

15566

-

-

-

-

-

593

79

Frostbrand

19850

14804

-

-

-

-

-

571

70

Serious Red Eye Scar

19860

13333

15000

Low

Stable

-

-

1337

227

19990

17533

18000

Normal

Stable

-

-

13229

1771

Magic Dragon

19997

9127

-

-

-

-

-

561

64

Feathered Sultan

19998

18216

-

-

-

-

244

29

19998

12530

-

-

-

-

-

659

102

Peacock Fedora

19999

18593

-

-

-

-

-

236

37

Stones of History

19999

16649

-

-

-

-

-

343

36

Teal Rock Star Smile

19999

15184

-

-

-

-

-

520

122

Portrait of a Hero at
the Colosseum
Blue Wistful Wink

BWW

Katana of the
Golden Snake
Rainbow Omega
Katana

Scarecrow on my
Head
Holiday Bot
Feared Skull of All
Eternity's Doom

Bluesteel Alterer of
Destiny

Green Wistful Wink

Dragon Slayers

➤

Sword and Shield

GWW

Ocherous Katana of

19999

14858

-

Low

-

-

-

512

112

19999

11654

-

-

-

-

-

317

47

19999

10591

-

-

-

-

-

356

49

19999

6093

-

-

-

-

-

322

36

19999

3764

-

-

-

-

-

623

111

19999

2240

-

-

-

-

-

414

82

Wicked Santa

20000

19868

-

-

-

-

-

379

42

Mick McCann

20000

17509

-

-

-

-

-

1002

121

20000

17470

-

-

-

-

451

65

20000

15847

-

-

-

-

-

327

82

Notable Bowler

20000

14027

-

-

-

-

-

198

32

Star Pupil

20000

13961

-

-

-

-

-

604

63

The Grand Pumpkin

20000

13570

-

-

-

-

-

288

34

Geisha Hair

20000

13422

-

-

-

-

-

549

69

20000

12366

-

-

-

-

-

629

68

20000

11500

-

-

-

-

-

649

84

20000

11314

-

-

-

-

-

626

105

20000

9935

-

-

-

-

-

782

73

Picklace

20000

9371

-

-

-

-

-

1194

98

Gilded Warrior

20000

8006

-

-

-

-

613

56

20000

7031

-

-

-

-

-

1308

128

Summer Hat

20000

4919

-

-

-

-

-

571

47

RobloTim's Sagehen

20000

2817

-

-

-

-

-

266

49

Halloween Sombrero

20120

14693

-

-

-

-

-

342

48

20800

18214

-

-

-

-

-

414

46

20800

11839

-

-

-

-

-

670

112

20975

12716

-

-

-

-

-

622

75

21000

16694

-

-

-

-

-

495

60

21212

7799

-

-

-

-

-

688

62

21498

20811

22000

High

Stable

-

-

9925

2138

zOMG Hat Selling!

21700

12791

26000

Low

Stable

-

-

274

46

Golden Headphones

21900

10980

-

-

-

-

-

285

57

Goldenface

21995

15548

-

-

-

-

-

458

54

Mardi Gras Sword

22000

24507

-

-

-

-

142

41

The Bribe

22000

15733

-

Terrible

-

-

489

66

the Setting Sun
Gray Assassin
Captain Greenshanks
the Lucky
Serpent's Servant
Square Waffle Top
Hat
Crimson Catseye Top
Hat

Violet Sneaking
Slytherer
Energy Crown of the
Farthest Universe

Emerald
Ambassador
Grim Axe
Staff of Neverending
Frost
Double Damage
Frog

Roblox Snowglobe
2011

Ancient Etruscan
Warrior
Madbot 10000
ROBLOX Friendship
Right
Snowflake Necklace
Founding Fathers'
Tricorn

➤

Catching Snowflakes

CS

-

Flaming Hedgehog

22000

13313

-

-

-

-

-

669

107

Official's Hat

22000

12044

-

-

-

-

-

362

31

Da Money

22000

11389

-

-

-

-

-

473

55

Really Embarrassed

22010

23618

-

-

-

-

481

121

Biograft Energy
Sword

22199

16285

-

Low

-

-

-

494

147

Weekend Warrior

22222

14085

-

-

-

-

-

329

59

Pwnda

22499

15821

-

-

-

-

-

274

36

Sword of the
Summer Sun

22499

6439

-

-

-

-

-

351

65

Steampunk Cadet

22500

4622

-

-

-

-

-

389

29

Purple Mermaid
Princess

22857

20171

22000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1868

345

Steampunk Sniper

22857

7004

-

-

-

-

-

606

77

Hula Dog

22998

13144

-

-

-

-

-

624

46

Kooky Wizard

22999

2546

-

-

-

-

-

1660

90

Chrome Glasses

23000

13767

-

-

-

-

-

732

75

Purple Trance

23000

12858

-

-

-

-

-

318

57

23350

18068

-

-

-

-

-

468

123

23994

15544

-

-

-

-

-

270

60

24000

21382

-

-

-

-

-

307

99

24000

18730

20000

Low

Stable

-

-

1643

277

Kleos Phóteinos

24000

17045

-

-

-

-

-

643

125

Captain's Flintlock

24000

16752

-

-

-

-

-

205

39

Twilight Emperor

24000

12446

-

-

-

-

-

346

52

24000

12165

-

-

-

-

-

897

94

Winter Warrior

24000

9761

-

-

-

-

-

438

36

Ice Monster

24000

6285

-

-

-

-

-

445

75

24200

18390

22000

Low

Stable

-

-

1742

222

Scorpion Pendant

24286

19934

-

-

-

-

-

241

43

Brass Top Hat

24425

9976

-

-

-

-

-

199

35

Dice Crown

24444

20749

22000

Low

Stable

-

-

430

116

24450

18467

-

-

-

-

-

411

88

24500

24970

-

-

-

-

802

72

24500

19337

-

-

-

-

-

1343

129

LBRH

24800

14414

-

-

-

-

-

206

28

TJ

24900

23807

26000

Normal

Stable

-

-

4747

963

Cannon

Dual Spec Gamma

Knights of the
Splintered Skies:

Wind Horn

Wind Summoner
Korblox Chosen
Sorcus' Sword of
Judgement
The Bluesteel
Bathelm

BBH

Macaw Shoulder
Friend

Helm of the Secret
Fire

FH

Gold 8-Bit
Headphones
Creepy Zombie

➤

Monkey

CZM

Epic Face Tie
Laser Blue Riding
Hood
Tentacles Junior

Floppy Fish

24950

11703

-

-

-

-

-

500

51

Zombie Friend Fred

24997

12384

-

-

-

-

-

1230

116

Bolt Brain

24999

25677

-

-

-

-

-

229

32

24999

22646

-

-

-

-

-

907

109

24999

15397

-

-

-

-

-

151

50

Mrs

25000

23963

24000

Normal

Stable

-

-

5470

987

GTH

25000

22908

24000

Normal

Stable

-

-

893

325

Viridian Hood

25000

21312

-

-

-

-

-

2022

236

Spider Slasher

25000

18312

-

-

-

-

-

156

46

Lock N Key Necklace

25000

17087

-

-

-

-

-

613

71

Fire Wizard

25000

16652

-

-

-

-

201

38

25000

14800

-

-

-

-

-

508

61

Bright Star Top Hat

25000

14789

-

-

-

-

-

123

29

LOL Moon

25000

13904

-

-

-

-

-

601

103

25000

13234

-

-

-

-

-

614

72

25000

11910

-

-

-

-

-

669

97

25000

9591

-

-

-

-

-

302

55

25000

8716

-

-

-

-

-

521

86

25000

8697

-

-

-

-

-

382

37

25000

7597

-

-

-

-

-

364

74

25000

6756

-

-

-

-

-

386

28

Dragon Tamer

25251

11342

-

-

-

-

-

329

51

Spiked Fedora

25888

15733

-

-

-

-

-

328

40

Elf Ears

25999

24644

26000

Normal

Stable

-

-

3216

382

2014 Shades

26000

6571

-

-

-

-

-

1306

105

26398

7348

-

-

-

-

-

496

74

26999

21703

-

-

-

-

-

848

56

27000

26093

28000

Low

Stable

-

-

878

139

27000

22574

-

Normal

-

-

-

3472

337

Bright Blue Porkpie

27000

8082

-

-

-

-

-

232

44

Winter Fairy

27143

25412

-

-

-

-

-

2689

430

I-CRotRoBR

27143

12897

-

-

-

-

-

284

49

KWK

27398

10714

-

Normal

Stable

-

-

363

246

27500

15104

-

-

-

-

-

558

74

Dark Spellbook of
the Forgotten
The Necrosapien
Staff
Mrs. Tentacles
Green Top Hat with
White Band

Golden Lightning
Speaker

Sophisticated
Spectacles
Dual Katanas of the
DarkAge Clan
Shadow Dancer
Living Art:
Psychadelic Pop Art
Steampunk Gorilla
Sword of the
Autumnal Winds
Golden Samurai Lord
of the Fifth House

Skeleton Lord
Wizard
Red Ear Flap Hat
Timeless Top Hat

Timeless

Golden Top Hat of
Bling Bling

➤

Invidia- Chief Ruler
of the Realm of
Blessed Roots
Karlie’s Winter
Krown
Purple Bow Tie

Son of Korblox:

27645

14307

-

-

-

-

-

128

45

27989

17410

-

-

-

-

-

1033

90

Dr. Eightball

27990

20921

-

-

-

-

-

486

90

Golden Roped

27997

19259

-

-

-

-

-

195

53

27999

27642

28000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1701

253

Bling Clock

27999

20459

-

-

-

-

-

262

52

Mayor of Summer

27999

13110

-

-

-

-

-

162

53

Vegetable Hat

28000

19445

-

-

-

-

-

1618

115

Where are the eggs?

28000

18051

-

-

-

-

-

268

46

Blue Jay Fedora

28000

16262

-

-

-

-

-

249

43

Robot Luv

28000

15940

-

-

-

-

-

356

40

Red Illusion Fedora

28000

8895

-

-

-

-

-

449

49

28282

14022

-

-

-

-

-

280

45

28300

25841

26000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1307

300

28401

28411

-

-

-

-

196

35

8-Bit SwordPack

28500

9534

-

-

-

-

1244

136

Dark Wolf

28571

63788

-

-

-

-

968

92

28572

6233

-

-

-

-

-

589

60

Bluesteel Bucket

28673

24237

26000

Low

Stable

-

-

575

144

Paranoia Attack

28722

5839

-

-

-

-

-

642

63

Helmet (Limited
Edition)

28796

10491

-

-

-

-

-

1174

90

The Empress' Guard

28800

44145

-

-

-

-

229

39

Periastron Crown

28900

17950

-

-

-

-

-

267

64

Epic Smiley

28998

20610

-

-

-

-

-

574

77

29000

29859

30000

High

Stable

-

-

4320

1326

Black Crisis

29000

10238

26000

Low

Stable

-

-

529

67

Sword of Ancalagon

29000

20263

-

-

-

-

-

264

53

Deluxe Roman
Helmet

29000

16072

-

-

-

-

-

318

56

Overseer All-Seeing
Pendant

29000

15864

-

-

-

-

-

429

110

Helm of the Ice Gods
of Midgard

29000

9889

-

-

-

-

-

254

37

BIG: Purple Banded
Top Hat

29300

25655

-

-

-

-

-

178

72

Facepalm

29500

20096

-

Low

-

-

-

877

101

Pot Of Gold

29829

7755

-

-

-

-

-

428

55

Desert Scout

29900

24254

24000

Low

Stable

-

-

536

98

Donald P Sullivan Gold Edition

29983

23941

-

-

-

-

-

212

41

Azurewrath King
Green-eyed
Awesome Face

Monarch Butterfly
Smile

Acursed Mummy
Hand of Head Shot
Ultimate Pink Victory

UPV

Dark Summoning
Hood

Dark Chocolate Top
Hat

-

WWII General's

➤

Supa Dupa Fly Cap

Dupa

Immortal Sword:

29997

26055

28000

Normal

Stable

-

655

283

Digital Ninja

29998

15277

-

-

-

-

287

24

Santa's Formal Attire

29998

9341

-

-

-

-

350

49

Hotdog Head

29999

72269

-

-

-

-

402

43

29999

24975

-

Low

-

-

-

373

129

29999

22915

-

-

-

-

-

435

98

29999

21828

-

Low

-

-

-

869

103

29999

17992

-

Low

-

-

-

531

105

Griffin Warrior

29999

10694

-

-

-

-

-

153

18

Knitted Beanie Dino

29999

6089

-

-

-

-

-

924

57

King of Mardi Gras

30000

35598

-

-

-

-

257

63

30000

31437

-

Low

-

-

-

405

87

30000

23726

-

-

-

-

-

185

35

30000

10809

-

-

-

-

-

262

40

30000

10804

-

-

-

-

-

277

61

30000

10430

-

-

-

-

-

473

50

30000

10072

-

-

-

-

-

342

48

30000

9207

-

-

-

-

-

159

66

30000

7065

-

-

-

-

-

389

56

30000

5869

-

-

-

-

-

515

43

30400

25504

26000

Normal

Stable

-

-

820

231

30420

4689

-

-

-

-

-

603

55

30449

9478

-

-

-

-

-

262

50

Steampunk Lincoln

31000

15198

-

-

-

-

310

62

New Years Doge

31500

26400

-

Low

-

-

-

398

95

32000

28289

30000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1693

255

Rather Have User
GUIs Later...

32000

15090

-

-

-

-

-

213

31

President Doge

32222

20773

-

Low

-

-

-

403

70

Naga Helm

32900

4437

-

-

-

-

-

1594

127

32999

23745

28000

Normal

Stable

-

-

548

204

Golden Teapot of
Pwnage

32999

13130

24000

Low

Stable

-

-

769

136

Angelic

33000

23216

-

-

-

-

-

551

65

33296

25768

-

-

-

-

-

241

139

Vlad's Lament

Lament

Sapphire Archfey
Visage
Korblox Shoulder
Pauldrons
Country Morning
Red, White, and
Shaggy

Colossal Blade

Colossal

I'm Secretly A
Vampire, The Hat
Intergalactic Bunny
Horns of the
Magmawrath
Hooded Dragon
Tamer
Pirate Luv
Portrait of a Hero at
the Beach
Knife-Haired
Monster
Disintergrex Blast
Gun
8-Bit Dark Horns of
Pwnage

8HoP

Awkward Locator
Top Hat
When Animals
Attack: Tiger Tussle

Blue Banded Top Hat

BBTH

-

-

Protest Sign: We'd

➤

Bombastic Antlers

BIG: Silverthorn
Antlers

BBA

BSTA

Xanwood Crown

33333

30199

-

-

-

-

-

149

55

Busted Top Hat

33333

13059

-

-

-

-

-

525

86

33500

17480

-

-

-

-

-

326

60

34000

25241

-

-

-

-

-

120

40

Tracer Shades

34000

7732

-

-

-

-

-

324

52

Ornate Valkyrie

34499

22605

-

-

-

-

-

426

84

Crimsonwrath

34500

23824

-

Low

-

-

-

619

99

Disco Time Bowler

34900

19865

-

-

Stable

-

-

300

94

Wicked Top Hat

34900

16217

-

-

-

-

-

276

45

Tasteless Bow Tie

34950

5871

-

-

-

-

-

382

85

34985

28611

30000

Normal

Stable

-

-

3069

318

34994

1869

-

-

-

-

-

1289

104

34999

18558

-

-

-

-

-

323

80

Dark Warrior

34999

9224

-

-

-

-

-

148

29

Bunny Ear Fedora

35000

28740

-

-

-

-

-

172

64

Imagine

35000

26637

-

-

-

-

-

610

98

35000

26382

-

Low

-

-

-

160

65

35000

22494

-

Normal

-

-

-

299

88

35000

16420

-

-

-

-

-

156

32

The Tormentor's Axe

35000

14224

-

-

-

-

-

173

45

Ruler of the Night

35000

10451

-

-

-

-

-

262

39

Balthor the Sightless

35000

6422

-

-

-

-

-

348

48

35888

35942

-

-

-

-

108

35

Supa

36000

34680

38000

High

Stable

-

-

5951

712

Bee Bag 3.0

36000

30009

-

-

-

-

-

231

127

36300

60892

-

-

-

-

437

54

36500

36428

38000

High

Stable

-

-

6317

1682

36900

19023

-

Low

-

-

-

504

112

36999

27884

30000

Low

Stable

-

-

488

83

Highfive!

37491

39616

-

-

-

-

306

49

Wildcard

37777

30080

-

-

-

-

-

343

80

37996

26507

30000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1755

359

37999

21159

-

-

-

-

-

115

69

37999

18991

-

-

-

-

-

285

40

Crown of Autumn
Laurels
Mystic Sword of the
Flames

Skull Bandit

SB

Telamax XR71
Shoulder Cannon
Zeus's Lightning Bolt
Staff

Aer Draco

Aer

Orange Shaggy
Crimson Double
Threat

2011 New Year's Top
Hat
Supa Fly Cap
Gucci Dionysus Bag
with Bee
Halloween
Headphones
Green Queen of the
Night

GQotN

Jade Katana of the
Darkest Forest
Bronze ROBLOX
Music Video Award

➤

From the Vault:
Alpaca Plushie
Horns of Frozenfaic
Nerdy Computer
Necklace

BRMVA

Alpaca

When Animals
Attack : Gorilla
Grievance

38000

26914

-

-

-

-

-

198

46

Blue Katana of One
Thousand Tears

38000

26506

-

Low

-

-

-

481

104

Captain Doge

38000

23421

-

Low

-

-

-

418

82

Sniper Relay Helmet

38000

16220

-

-

-

-

-

580

72

Gentleman Penguin

38000

9901

-

-

-

-

-

207

40

LOLHOO

38500

17505

-

-

-

-

-

1524

178

Nuclear Sombrero

38950

12666

-

-

-

-

-

234

58

Green Drool Angry
Zombie

38998

24724

-

-

-

-

-

275

113

Egypt's Greatest
Ruler

38998

15575

-

-

-

-

-

256

53

39000

33292

32000

Low

Stable

-

-

118

56

Purple Shaggy

39000

27201

-

Normal

-

-

-

559

151

Golden Katana of
the Unflinching

39000

19796

-

Low

-

-

-

498

110

39500

32389

-

-

-

-

-

1361

183

39900

11173

-

-

-

-

-

150

32

39988

35549

-

-

-

-

-

381

109

Kronoboss

39995

17467

-

-

-

-

-

158

32

Demon Trucker

39998

35189

-

-

-

-

-

495

40

39998

26094

28000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1915

212

39999

28705

30000

Low

Stable

-

-

514

119

39999

25483

-

-

-

-

497

35

39999

20709

-

-

-

-

-

485

109

Maroon Marvel

39999

8975

-

-

-

-

-

232

44

Prosperous Gent

40000

36384

-

-

-

-

-

199

68

Halloween Beanie

40000

35840

-

-

-

-

-

150

42

Lightbulb

40000

29733

-

-

-

-

-

185

52

40000

26430

-

-

-

-

-

771

74

40000

21297

-

Low

-

-

-

292

57

40000

16035

-

-

-

-

-

619

99

40000

15324

-

-

-

-

-

392

51

40000

9702

-

-

-

-

-

253

46

Magical Merlin's Cap

40000

6202

-

-

-

-

-

216

15

Hip-Hop Bunny

40000

6146

-

-

-

-

-

1572

136

King of the Sea Folk

40000

4030

-

-

-

-

-

499

49

Immortal Sword:
Burning Embrace

Embrace

Dawn
The First Time I Ever
Played ROBLOX...
Holly Jolly Top Hat
Sparkle Time Cheese
Hat

Purple Butterfly
Smile
St Patrick's Fedora
Gork, Your Caveman
Shoulder Friend
Green Super Happy
Joy

Mischievous
Raccoon
Uncle Doge
Cracked Egg of
Pwnage
Clown School
Dropout

➤

The Darkest
Archmage Faceplate

St Pats

Eccentric Dark

40999

41852

-

-

-

-

-

199

17

40999

22359

-

Normal

-

-

-

535

113

41998

21332

-

-

-

-

-

176

39

41999

40663

42000

Low

Stable

-

-

435

223

Lucky Doge

41999

30715

-

Low

-

-

-

414

85

Smart Chocolate Cap

42500

43487

-

-

-

-

-

288

29

42500

38070

38000

Normal

Stable

-

-

832

220

Sapphire Drool

42500

31220

-

-

-

-

-

1537

197

Pin Head

42994

31891

-

-

-

-

-

248

34

Teal Mermaid Queen

42997

31951

32000

Normal

Stable

-

-

375

100

43000

35874

38000

Normal

Stable

-

-

956

166

Monster Hat

43101

43125

-

-

-

-

-

183

39

Ruby Shades

43333

27455

-

-

-

-

372

59

Flora Fighter

43825

12908

-

-

-

-

-

296

35

Collector's Item

43973

35322

-

-

-

-

-

604

56

44000

29117

-

-

-

-

-

169

26

Igloo

44000

8130

-

-

-

-

-

231

29

Embarrassed

44286

29317

-

-

-

-

518

83

Magical Mystery Hat

44444

16217

-

-

-

-

-

125

38

Red Bow Tie

44500

32194

-

-

-

-

-

269

56

44798

30904

35000

Normal

Stable

-

-

223

110

Candy Crusher

44999

6203

-

-

-

-

-

237

50

Mauve Visor

45000

51663

-

-

Unstable

-

203

26

Shining Righteous
Truth

45000

37332

-

-

-

-

-

330

54

Teddy Bear Hat

45000

28250

-

-

-

-

-

391

61

Purple Super Happy
Joy

45000

28249

-

-

-

-

-

334

80

Blizzard Striker

45000

16926

-

-

-

-

-

167

37

Omega Rainbow
Helmet

45000

13652

-

-

-

-

-

272

41

Trollin' Pumpkin

45000

10508

-

-

-

-

1026

199

The Dark Slayer

45000

9360

-

-

-

-

-

303

52

Dr. Crazybot

45000

7978

-

-

-

-

-

644

59

Ruby Eye

45800

31328

-

Low

-

-

-

385

59

Arctic Wanderer

46000

28790

-

-

-

-

-

260

71

Stitches

46999

11881

-

-

-

-

-

323

36

47000

41047

42000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1223

278

Wizard
Lime Green Shaggy

LGS

Bluesteel Sombrero
Festive Domino
Crown

Violet Fang

Azure Pinstripe
Fedora

FDC

VF

Azure

Dangerous Brain
Infecting Parasite

Gingerbread
Immortal Sword

➤

Spiked Helm of

Green Bubble
Trouble

GBT

Bay Area Maker Top

47000

51363

35000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

437

51

47000

24222

-

-

-

-

-

272

67

47777

30289

-

Terrible

-

-

-

107

29

Overseer's Eye

47884

37904

-

Low

-

-

-

854

145

Seein' Stars + Stripes

47999

6706

-

-

-

-

-

330

35

48000

35120

38000

Low

Stable

-

-

353

107

48000

20085

-

-

-

-

-

329

65

Dancing Banana

48500

24001

-

-

-

-

-

1378

148

Wooly Bully

48696

31188

-

-

-

-

-

118

29

Mr. Hatbot

48888

49810

-

-

-

-

-

287

84

48984

18505

-

-

-

-

-

167

45

Beach House Fedora

48984

17571

-

-

-

-

-

119

18

Crybaby

49000

40491

40000

Normal

Stable

-

-

684

236

Earthphones

49988

17988

-

-

-

-

-

533

64

49993

17771

-

Low

-

-

-

219

66

49995

34423

-

-

-

-

257

35

Hat 2014
Dark Skeleton Crown
Sapphire Laser
Vision

Midnight
Commando

SLV

MC

Masked Hood of the
Slitherspeaker

Mighty Ruler of
Dragon's Fire

Laser Red Riding
Hood

LRRH

Dr. Elephant
Neon Pink Top Hat

NPTH

49996

32991

35000

Normal

Stable

-

-

653

174

Noir Periastron Psi

Noir

49998

41742

45000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1746

319

Goldengrove
Unleaving

49998

22309

-

Low

-

-

-

537

113

Lightweight Top Hat

49998

10379

-

-

-

-

-

168

33

49999

30368

-

Low

-

-

-

169

58

The Crown of
Nachos

49999

17768

-

-

-

-

-

268

35

Dark Minion

49999

8988

-

-

-

-

-

654

50

Iris Katana of

Joyful Periastron
Epsilon

Joyful Peri

Evil Skeptic

ES

50000

48786

50000

Normal

Stable

-

-

2832

480

Stunna Shades

Stunnas

50000

50057

40000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

264

39

Masked Hood of the
Midsummers Night

Midsummer

50000

15989

32000

Low

Stable

-

-

150

77

Hedgehog Friend

50000

31863

-

-

-

-

246

31

Mr. Mountain

50000

23292

-

-

-

-

-

147

41

Forest Emerald Crest

50000

18797

-

-

-

-

-

183

26

50000

16838

-

-

-

-

-

105

23

50000

14351

-

-

-

-

593

54

Ice Skull

52996

41838

42000

Low

Stable

-

-

2609

390

BBT

52999

46812

48000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1254

282

53500

36241

-

-

-

-

-

868

123

Rogue

Golden Chakram of
the Sky Palace

➤

Robot Friend
The Ice Skull of
Nevermoor
Blue Bubble Trouble
Black Knight Helmet

American

AMC

54000

37825

38000

Low

Stable

-

-

172

42

Heart Balloon

HB

54499

50190

50000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1049

221

Fire Flash Shades

FFS

54950

44248

38000

Low

Stable

-

280

75

Miss Scarlet

Scarlet

54982

50226

48000

Normal

Stable

-

-

4423

594

the Archduke of the
Federation

54998

26920

-

-

-

-

-

90

28

Scrap Metal Cap

55000

56910

-

-

-

-

-

113

13

Commando

Ceremonial Guard of

Fall Periastron Xi

Fall Peri

55000

29501

-

Low

-

-

-

118

44

Scroll of Sevenless

SoS

55000

27349

-

Low

-

-

-

532

163

55000

19128

-

-

-

-

-

199

27

55888

26239

-

Terrible

-

-

-

109

29

56000

49108

-

-

-

-

577

55

Dark Star Top Hat
Eyes of the
Overworld

EotO

Tyrannosaurus
Glaurung the Greedy

Glaur

56161

31455

35000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

185

51

Brighteyes' Top Hat

BETH

56200

44208

45000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1258

324

Bubble Trouble

BT

57000

46705

45000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1376

169

Radioactive Beast
Mode

RBM

57497

50942

50000

High

Stable

-

-

2627

756

57995

20567

-

-

-

-

-

111

24

Radioactive Man
Not So Friendly
Eviscerator

Evis

57999

48346

48000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

263

53

Purple Bubble
Trouble

PBT

58796

45871

45000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1246

273

58888

1079

-

-

-

-

-

260

27

58999

29329

-

-

-

-

-

121

42

Earth Rocks Shades

59000

30614

-

-

-

-

-

320

49

Platinum and
Sapphire Circlet of

59857

23797

-

-

-

-

-

312

56

59998

43933

45000

Low

Stable

-

-

561

147

59998

37563

-

Terrible

-

-

-

214

54

59999

30610

-

Low

-

-

-

512

103

60000

92680

-

-

-

-

286

66

BQotN

60000

55063

60000

High

Stable

-

-

2485

768

GEotN

60000

56416

55000

High

Stable

-

-

1406

432

60000

52840

-

-

-

-

-

96

44

60000

29860

-

-

-

-

-

206

32

60000

28729

-

-

-

-

-

553

91

60000

18799

-

-

-

-

-

287

32

60000

7091

-

-

-

-

-

504

62

Sundae Best
Snowflake Shutter
Shades

SSS

the Elven King
Blackvalk Shades

BVS

Black Iron Ring of
Olympia
Crimson Katana of
the Unsetting Sun
Astraeus
Blue Queen of the
Night
Gold Emperor of the
Night
Sparkle Time Wizard
Ninja Master: Dojo

➤

of Doom
Golden Fabergé Egg
of Hivemind
Hammerhead on
your Head
Radomir The Rogue

Green Flash Shades

GFS

60050

37314

42000

Low

Stable

-

-

513

87

BSTB

62000

34209

42000

Low

Stable

-

-

244

102

62000

21594

-

-

-

-

-

81

24

Illumivision

64500

43820

40000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

135

37

SCC

64500

35093

30000

Low

Stable

-

-

277

72

64500

17179

-

-

-

-

-

150

33

Mr X

64557

35548

-

-

-

-

-

193

57

Eyephones

64945

22601

-

-

-

-

430

30

65000

55978

-

-

-

-

-

225

84

65000

38635

-

-

-

-

-

154

45

66666

25495

-

-

-

-

-

289

47

Madness

66800

60699

65000

High

Stable

-

-

9762

1287

RCHP

67000

61317

60000

Normal

Stable

-

-

679

156

67000

49834

-

-

-

-

-

771

161

67997

38171

-

Low

-

-

-

164

53

68000

59240

-

Normal

-

-

-

913

299

68000

51686

55000

Normal

Stable

-

-

502

126

Crabby Bunny Cat

68450

17972

-

-

-

-

441

114

The Devil's Cowboy

68909

11809

-

-

-

-

-

382

53

69000

24110

28000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

200

41

Undersmeller Major
General

69000

18059

-

-

-

-

-

136

76

Cap'n James
McSkulligan

69418

14524

-

-

-

-

-

123

37

69419

11194

-

-

-

-

-

185

38

69420

14405

-

-

-

-

-

249

28

Vlad the Impaler, V

69420

14319

-

-

-

-

-

287

26

Fermion Blade

69420

10213

-

-

-

-

-

605

65

An Elegant Blade

69420

6242

-

-

-

-

-

586

77

Spam Cannon

69420

5073

-

-

-

-

-

313

38

Goldbot Goldbot

69500

14554

-

-

-

-

-

268

29

69696

12546

-

-

-

-

-

247

52

69800

70026

55000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

187

41

69998

43245

-

Terrible

-

-

-

307

66

69999

54762

50000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1256

126

Blue Sparkle Time
Bandana
Mr. Fancy Skeleton
Illumivision Mystic
Sapphire Crystal
Circlet
Sir Gideon, the
Sinister

4-String Roblocaster
Premiere Guitar

Roblocaster

Azurewrath: Lord of
Destruction
Fire Fighter
ROBLOX Madness
Face
Recycled Cardboard
Headphones
Orange Ninja
Headband of All
Earth's Fire
Festive Periastron
Chi

Festive Peri

St Patrick's Day Fairy
Winter Conjurer

Flower Power

Frosted Santa,
Harbinger of

WCJ

FP

Christmas Creep
Worst. Halloween
Costume. Ever.

Panspectrum Digital

➤

Noobfinders
Grim Glow
Dagger of Shattered
Dimensions
Skelefriend

Silver Emperor of the

70000

65417

65000

High

Stable

-

-

2215

625

70000

61695

60000

Normal

Stable

-

-

2311

309

70000

36752

50000

Low

Stable

-

-

469

91

Ancalagon

70000

33335

35000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

157

28

Lord Evil

70000

26329

-

-

-

-

-

291

57

70000

16585

-

-

-

-

-

232

32

70999

63376

60000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1739

352

Red Rock Star Smile

71000

48594

-

-

-

-

-

137

48

Psychedelic Top Hat

71333

11675

-

-

-

-

-

308

54

71429

14315

-

-

-

-

-

443

57

Doge Santa

71600

46792

-

Low

-

-

-

386

90

Elvish Hood

72000

24899

-

-

-

-

-

145

23

72000

11215

-

-

-

-

-

221

35

Dr. Love

72111

43840

48000

Low

Stable

-

-

168

34

Dark Magic Top Hat

72500

60085

-

-

-

-

171

26

The Maker Fedora

72500

86668

55000

Terrible

Stable

-

144

28

73000

65661

-

-

Unstable

-

92

45

Night

SEotN

Pretty Pretty Princess PPP
The Crown of
Warlords

CoW

A Very Special
Monster
From the Vault:
Kawaii Cat

Kawaii

Bewitching
Amphibian

Rakar The
Dangerous

Blue Sparkle Time
Shutter Shades

-

Stickmasterluke's
Peanut Butter
Sparkle Time

PBH

73500

70965

70000

High

Stable

-

-

1704

461

Paintball Enthusiast

PE

74000

33689

40000

Normal

Stable

-

-

525

73

Spec Gamma
Biograft Energy

Gamma

74999

44564

-

Terrible

-

-

-

198

50

Rock N' Roll Necktie

75000

55600

-

-

-

-

-

211

17

Pin-tastic Felt Cap

75000

32000

-

-

-

-

-

143

18

Silicon Valley Shades

75000

15276

-

-

-

-

-

190

20

Rogue Masquerader

75000

12628

-

-

-

-

-

345

49

Tornado Summoner

75000

11519

-

-

-

-

-

311

56

76000

36586

40000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

100

57

77300

71363

65000

Normal

Stable

-

-

3887

482

Sword

Transparent
Icephones

TIPS

Scissors
Playful Vampire

PV

77479

77570

75000

Amazing

Stable

-

-

8683

2337

Pink Galaxy Gaze

PiGG

77776

70770

70000

Normal

Stable

-

-

2055

334

the Duke of the
Federation

77777

20424

-

-

-

-

-

84

29

Rail Runner 5000

77777

15800

-

-

-

-

-

454

62

78000

38371

-

Terrible

-

-

-

220

61

➤

Ceremonial Guard of

Spec Omega
Biograft Energy
Sword

Omega

Frost Guardian of

78000

19765

-

-

-

-

-

129

28

Attack : Shark
Situations

78998

44528

-

-

-

-

-

224

34

Zombie Shedletsky

79000

14611

-

-

-

-

-

161

75

Robotron 9000

79000

7327

-

-

-

-

-

248

45

BFF Lock

79998

52248

-

Normal

-

-

-

829

114

79999

28178

-

-

-

-

-

131

56

Chaplin

80000

40415

-

-

-

-

-

111

17

Dr. Shamrock

80000

31843

35000

Low

Stable

-

-

266

54

Proud Knight

80000

18758

-

-

-

-

-

219

19

the Frozen North
When Animals

Visage of Mordo

ViOfMo

Monstars Visor

Monstars

82000

59142

-

Terrible

-

-

-

121

37

Crimson Laser Vision

CLV

82000

57503

55000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

102

22

Musica Infernus
Dominator

MID

83999

40355

45000

Low

Stable

-

-

371

121

Ultimate Victory
Headband

UVH

84444

55270

42000

Low

Stable

-

479

94

Rainbow Fedora

RF

84999

52501

50000

Low

Stable

-

-

255

67

85000

74106

-

-

-

-

-

153

48

➤

Blue Sparkle Time
Bowler
Green Whatchoo
Talkin' Bout

Whatchoo

85000

51704

60000

Normal

Stable

-

-

272

110

Ruby Crystal Circlet

RCC

85714

42430

42000

Low

Stable

-

-

116

47

Sword of Darkness

SoD

87000

64394

65000

Low

Stable

-

-

426

94

Classical Glory

Clag

88888

54854

-

Terrible

-

-

-

103

46

Green Laurel Wreath

GLW

88888

48442

-

Terrible

-

-

-

131

36

Alien Monarch

88888

26577

-

-

-

-

147

49

Portrait of a Hero at
ROBLOX HQ

88888

18083

-

-

-

-

-

153

26

Nuclear Winter Icicle
Gun

88888

7521

-

-

-

-

-

152

20

Legend of the Four
Winds

89750

21383

-

-

-

-

160

39

Happy Time Magic
Flower Hat

HT

89999

50861

60000

Low

Stable

-

-

257

65

Spec Zeta Biograft
Energy Sword

Zeta

89999

51783

-

Terrible

-

-

-

118

42

BFF Key

90000

68429

-

Normal

-

-

-

786

100

Red Fang

90000

57491

55000

Low

Stable

-

-

506

77

Black Iron Horns

BIH

90999

86918

85000

High

Stable

-

-

4415

1180

The Duke of Death

TDoD

91101

91312

70000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

105

20

Musica Frigidus
Dominator

MFD

92999

70868

65000

Low

Stable

-

-

168

60

Knight of the Violet
Abyss

KotVA

94999

48208

55000

Low

Stable

-

-

287

79

Emerald Laser Vision

ELV

94999

32934

-

Terrible

-

-

-

102

19

Death Metal
Headphones

DMHP

95000

92908

90000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1315

300

Undead Prince

96101

96192

60000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

78

23

Fang Of Anansi

99000

20043

-

-

-

-

-

281

64

Guitar Glasses

99990

13133

-

-

-

-

-

102

21

99998

56141

55000

Low

Stable

-

-

126

38

99999

61592

65000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1251

154

99999

65670

60000

Normal

Stable

-

-

419

96

99999

55140

-

-

-

-

-

107

44

Robot

Immortal Sword:
American Splendor

ISAS

Fluffy Unicorn
Purple Galaxy Gaze

PGG

Sapphire Starstone
of the Federation
Brain Power Top Hat

BPTH

99999

25512

45000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

94

36

Tasteless Top Hat

Tasteless

100000

39255

-

-

-

-

-

103

39

Red Energy Sword

RES

100000

38666

-

Terrible

-

-

-

121

38

Eagle Warrior

100000

35271

-

-

-

-

-

281

49

Sinister Top Hat

100000

34433

-

-

-

-

124

43

Torque the Red Orc

100000

25135

-

-

-

-

-

108

49

Attack: Elephant
Aggression

100000

21350

-

-

-

-

-

75

22

Even Eviler Jester

100000

21349

-

-

-

-

-

167

25

All Hallows Warrior

100000

17996

-

-

-

-

-

159

25

Lightning Orb

100000

13316

-

-

-

-

-

156

58

Orinthian Cape

100000

8285

-

-

-

-

-

846

108

Moustache Warrior

100000

3119

-

-

-

-

-

610

64

➤

When Animals

Bandage

Bandaid

101000

68902

65000

Low

Stable

-

-

504

88

Sheriff Wilson

Swilly

101010

22718

-

-

-

-

-

100

23

Overseer Wings of
Terror

OwOt

102999

58302

50000

Low

Stable

-

-

383

136

Beast Mode

BM

105000

113643

100000

High

Stable

-

-

2670

515

DaVinci Copter

DVC

110000

51336

-

Terrible

-

-

-

151

29

Viridian Headphones

VHP

110011

67383

65000

Low

Stable

-

-

261

59

Magenta Crystal
Circlet

MCC

111111

47899

45000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

91

40

Ruby Starstone of
the Federation

112999

54895

-

-

-

-

-

85

37

Classic Hat Stack

115000

73359

-

-

-

-

-

159

55

W1NN3R

Winner

117143

28498

60000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

135

28

Freckled Cheeks

Freckles

120000

103270

100000

Normal

Stable

-

-

547

78

Blizzard Beast Mode

BBM

120000

108821

100000

High

Stable

-

-

2448

619

Golden Crown of
Warlords

GCoW

120000

60881

75000

Low

Stable

-

-

169

103

Granny's Crossbow

120000

43758

-

-

-

-

137

44

Warthulu

120000

31657

40000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

152

36

The Bull

120000

30901

-

-

-

-

-

131

40

121600

72959

55000

Low

Stable

-

630

86

Golden Shiny Teeth

GST

Emerald Starstone of

122999

67303

-

-

-

-

-

88

37

125000

61535

-

-

-

-

-

182

21

CoT

126126

33281

60000

Low

Stable

-

-

77

41

CDC

128558

79550

75000

Low

Stable

-

-

221

77

128888

20503

-

-

-

-

-

205

41

129879

61007

50000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

101

33

JJ

129999

122890

115000

Normal

Lowering -

-

1430

372

Santa Tentacles

ST

130000

99472

100000

Normal

Lowering -

-

275

130

A Bright Presence

ABP

130000

44287

55000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

102

32

Form

135720

114271

110000

High

Stable

-

-

2226

875

PQotN

137400

118599

110000

Normal

Stable

-

-

782

308

137888

10527

-

-

-

-

-

319

51

140000

106384

110000

Normal

Stable

-

-

361

103

Gadgetron 2700

143000

7364

-

-

-

-

517

28

Zombie Doge

144000

53708

-

Low

-

-

-

260

66

144444

144454

145000

Amazing

Stable

-

-

13484

2977

Korblox King

144444

70421

-

-

-

-

104

35

Clown Face

144887

61163

-

-

-

-

-

247

45

VDC

144998

112958

105000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1332

569

Blue Galaxy Gaze

BGG

144999

73908

70000

Normal

Stable

-

-

255

71

Washington's Hat

WH

145000

97491

85000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

75

22

145000

5141

-

-

-

-

-

275

39

149999

45320

-

-

-

-

-

193

16

the Federation
Striped Perfection
Crown of Tones
Counterfeit Domino
Crown
Scythe of Singularity
Masked Hood of the
Lightning Striker
JJ5x5's White Top
Hat

Dominus
Formidulosus
Purple Queen of the
Night
Green Glowphones
Blizzaria: The Frozen

Super Super Happy
Face

Viridian Domino
Crown

Blizz

SSHF

Knight of Swft
Approaching Destiny
Ye Olde Sea Captain
Darkseed the Fallen

Darkseed

150000

118047

120000

Normal

Stable

-

-

465

122

Twin Kodachi

Kodachi

150000

86107

80000

Normal

Stable

-

-

788

103

NVG

150000

79461

50000

Low

Stable

-

-

120

28

150000

48801

-

Terrible

-

-

-

141

44

Furry Rock Star Hat

150000

11368

-

-

-

-

-

425

34

Black Sun's Zenith

150000

6618

-

Terrible

-

-

-

89

23

Night Vision
Goggles
Azure Dragon's

➤

Magic Slayer

Punk Face

PF

150350

165603

150000

Normal

Stable

-

-

496

95

Optimist

Opt

155000

115837

110000

Normal

Stable

-

-

241

51

Jack O'Bandit

Jacko

159981

94539

85000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1045

158

The Dog Whisperer

DW

159999

131624

120000

Normal

Lowering -

-

645

95

159999

18574

-

-

-

-

-

164

48

160000

140860

135000

Normal

Stable

-

-

348

174

Squid Overlord
Immortal Sword Wicked Heart

Wicked

Red RAWR

Rawr

160000

91865

100000

Low

Stable

-

-

296

61

Sinister Fedora

SF

166999

81319

105000

Normal

Stable

-

-

399

96

GVPQ

169420

73100

100000

Terrible

Stable

-

59

32

169695

30781

26000

Terrible

Stable

-

98

44

-

65

46

Glorious Vampire
Party Queen
The Scariest Hood

-

Rubywrath Dragon

RWD

169696

40318

55000

Terrible

Stable

W's Top Hat

W's

169910

64802

75000

Normal

Stable

-

-

258

94

PiQotN

170000

178745

140000

Normal

Lowering -

-

488

191

CDT

175000

30667

55000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

95

18

GPF

179998

40021

65000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

166

39

AKotN

180000

167489

145000

Normal

Lowering -

-

962

302

Vampire Sunglasses

VPS

180000

134596

110000

Normal

Stable

-

-

242

59

Dark Conjurer

DCJ

184000

130220

150000

Normal

Stable

-

-

531

154

BCWHP

189000

131937

130000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1151

519

TM

189999

124293

115000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1234

173

ColdLika: Snowman

190000

41281

135000

Terrible

Stable

-

52

29

The Arabian Nights

190000

7292

-

-

-

-

-

582

75

190000

5620

-

-

-

-

-

305

41

Pink Queen of the
Night
Crimson Destiny
Turban
General Protection
Fault
Adurite King of the
Night

Blue Clockwork
Headphones
Troublemaker

Steelshanks
Armament
The Agonizingly
Ugly Bucket of
Doom

DB

192222

101992

120000

Normal

Lowering -

-

375

89

Grandma's Lipstick

GL

193999

162150

150000

Normal

Stable

-

-

535

98

Sword of Light

SoL

197000

73049

55000

Low

Stable

-

-

226

58

197998

14851

-

-

-

-

-

256

34

-

-

112

40

-

64

49

London BLOXcon
Black Fedora
Cookie Clicker
Crown

CCC

198000

27039

50000

Terrible

Stable

Copper Steampunk
Top Hat

Copper

199000

31036

85000

Terrible

Stable

199997

36476

-

-

-

-

-

267

60

Lava Reactor
Musica Dominator

MD

199999

105100

85000

Low

Stable

-

-

146

48

Blue Hat of the
Orient

BHotO

199999

19335

40000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

101

37

200000

297524

-

-

-

-

183

19

➤

Prince of the Gilded
Feather
Silver Punk Face

SPF

200000

217601

200000

Normal

Stable

-

-

467

152

Grimgold Periastron
Beta

Grimgold

200000

99755

105000

Low

Stable

-

-

241

69

Immortal Sword: The
Heartshaker

Heartshaker

200000

65461

100000

Terrible

Stable

-

53

27

Ivory Immortal
Sword

Ivory

200000

89325

-

Terrible

Stable

-

29

13

Telamon's Foe
Hammer

Foe

200000

31687

60000

Low

Stable

-

-

150

43

200000

47884

-

-

-

-

-

242

56

Sad Clown

Space Cowboy

200000

17815

-

-

-

-

-

161

44

Bi-horned Warrior

200000

10411

-

-

-

-

-

298

36

Bloxy

205000

180959

150000

Normal

Stable

-

-

1135

254

KotDC

205000

111907

90000

Terrible

Stable

-

48

33

Chicken

209998

198670

155000

Normal

Lowering -

-

1524

292

Valk

210000

219519

220000

Amazing

Stable

-

-

5923

1353

ADoD

210210

32590

-

Terrible

-

-

-

145

28

FF

220000

184624

180000

Normal

Stable

-

-

412

108

222000

54515

50000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

117

26

222222

171639

135000

Low

Stable

-

-

173

55

227555

16323

-

-

-

-

298

36

229998

80358

100000

Low

Stable

-

-

124

50

245000

8502

-

-

-

-

-

307

42

245555

167599

190000

Normal

Lowering -

-

151

70

249249

113505

65000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

112

54

249931

49970

70000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

109

29

249942

8603

-

-

-

-

-

366

31

RFHS

249997

77352

130000

Terrible

Stable

-

39

19

Prankster

Prank

250000

228647

200000

High

Stable

-

1191

260

GoldLika: Troll

Troll

250000

191973

140000

Terrible

Stable

-

39

22

SRMVA

250000

69731

70000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

121

33

NVG360 Hawkeyes

250000

30434

-

-

-

-

-

135

26

The Red King

250000

24110

-

-

-

-

-

118

26

250000

12909

-

-

-

-

-

219

45

250000

12098

-

-

-

-

-

107

22

250000

10122

-

-

-

-

320

39

KotSA

255000

135377

140000

Low

Stable

-

-

251

54

GA

259999

182844

180000

Normal

Stable

-

-

262

100

SKotN

264000

222635

210000

Amazing

Stable

-

-

4598

1201

269691

67010

105000

Terrible

Stable

-

69

8

RBC

284999

128652

170000

Normal

Stable

-

-

142

58

IV

289000

282848

290000

Amazing

Stable

-

-

1224

614

RICS

290000

71004

120000

Terrible

Stable

-

70

42

Brighteyes' Bloxy
Cola Hat
King of the Dark
Crop
Telamon's Chicken
Suit
Valkyrie Helm
Azurewrath Duke Of
Demons
Fuchsia Fantastique

Bat Knight Bat Sword Bat Knight
Sparkle Time Traffic
Cone

STTC

Norseman
Crimsonwrath, Lord
of the Magma

LotM

True Patriot
WC Ultimates:
Peridot Panic

Peridot

Ultimate Robling
Azurewrath: Lord of
the Frost

LotFr

Coffee House
Intellectual Imposter
Real Flaming Hot
Stunnas

Silver ROBLOX Music
Video Award

For the Ages: Saint
Patrick
Emerald
Scatterblaster 2000
Dwarven Healing
Warrior
Knight of the Stygian
Abyss
Golden Antlers
Silver King of the
Night

➤

Stone Samurai
Agonizingly Red
Bucket of Cheer
Ice Valkyrie
Real Ice Cold
Stunnas

-

The Classic ROBLOX

CF

299998

262586

260000

Amazing

Stable

-

-

5219

1069

Interns

299999

163426

150000

Low

Stable

-

-

186

57

Fancy

299999

56759

90000

Terrible

Stable

-

44

20

MBS

299999

63394

75000

Low

Stable

-

-

235

64

Beach Ball

299999

22427

45000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

81

39

BTLS

300000

616299

250000

Low

Stable

-

136

71

Citrine

300000

198398

220000

Normal

Stable

-

-

197

97

GKotN

300000

147402

145000

Normal

Stable

-

-

457

160

GGG

300000

136107

130000

Normal

Stable

-

-

108

35

Shattered

300000

67557

100000

Terrible

Stable

-

41

23

ALP

300000

40061

90000

Terrible

Stable

-

55

30

300000

78135

-

Terrible

-

-

-

93

65

Mu

319998

200908

160000

Low

Stable

-

-

158

53

Ice Slasher

319999

83771

120000

Terrible

Stable

-

51

22

Bling Face

320000

124074

-

Low

-

-

103

27

BIB

324999

210215

220000

Normal

Stable

-

-

312

102

VBC

325000

208014

250000

Normal

Unstable

-

-

73

42

Boss

332000

181888

100000

Terrible

Stable

-

30

15

Scimitar

333222

45634

35000

Terrible

Stable

-

38

19

Azure Peri

333330

123564

125000

Normal

Stable

-

283

62

333333

165978

170000

Terrible

Stable

-

43

22

333333

104584

160000

Terrible

Stable

-

45

16

333333

118374

80000

Terrible

Stable

-

33

19

IH

339999

99790

130000

Low

Stable

-

-

114

43

Soviet Ushanka

Ush

345000

133858

170000

Low

Stable

-

-

288

72

The Crimson Catseye

CC

345000

126229

150000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

111

44

Mr. Bubbles

Bubbles

345000

89220

70000

Normal

Stable

-

-

249

49

Purple Ice Crown

PIC

349999

151290

185000

Normal

Stable

-

-

160

77

FDSH

350000

352250

180000

Terrible

Stable

-

38

26

Wanwood Antlers

WWA

370000

128947

130000

Low

Stable

-

-

213

69

Al Capwn

Al

375000

262256

270000

Normal

Stable

-

-

353

90

Emperor

Emperor Face

399999

228437

220000

Terrible

Stable

-

64

28

Fedora
Classicx89's Stylin'
Intern Shades
Fancy St. Patrick's
Fedora
Midnight Blue
Shaggy
Beach Ball Head
Tasteless Bluesteel
Shades
WC Ultimates:
Citrine Celebration
Gold King of the
Night
Green Galaxy Gaze
Immortal Sword:
Shattered Earth
A Lucky Presence
Emerald Archfey
Visage
Crimson Periastron
Mu
Immortal Sword:
Endless Ice Slasher
Bling
Black Iron Bucket of
Ultimate Pwnage
Agonizingly Violet
Bucket of Cheer
GoldLika: Boss
Immortal Sword:
Shameless Scimitar
Azure Periastron
Alpha
Mystic Ruby
Glorious Blue Party
Queen

GBPQ

Disgraced Starstone
of the Federation
Helm of the Frozen
North

Frozen Dragon Soul

➤

Hood

-

Chartreuse

Chart

399999

102256

150000

Low

Stable

-

-

102

36

AC

400000

202835

300000

Low

Stable

-

-

143

72

Hallows

400000

81230

170000

Terrible

Stable

-

50

26

400000

30458

-

-

-

-

-

140

25

Poison

419999

343267

330000

High

Stable

-

-

1451

756

RIC

420064

148263

180000

Normal

Stable

-

-

131

61

GPuPQ

420690

241855

70000

Terrible

Stable

70

46

Sugs

429888

194978

260000

Normal

Stable

-

-

164

81

440000

32764

-

Low

-

-

-

277

67

EP

444443

31252

100000

Terrible

Stable

-

50

20

LoE

444444

56367

140000

Terrible

Stable

-

63

24

Hero

444444

106359

125000

Terrible

Stable

-

43

20

Bastet

444444

69123

110000

Terrible

Stable

-

52

20

SSK

444444

132035

70000

Terrible

Stable

-

58

10

Falch

450000

137302

260000

Terrible

Stable

-

33

21

GIC

450000

88237

160000

Normal

Stable

-

95

47

Celtic Blade

450000

58268

130000

Terrible

Stable

-

52

36

450000

18312

-

-

-

-

484

56

467000

500000

300000

Terrible

Stable

-

65

12

477555

58338

-

-

-

-

85

9

Pixel

477777

191092

160000

Terrible

Stable

-

30

13

SFOTH

480000

68320

330000

Terrible

Stable

-

75

65

Bozy

490000

44435

190000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

64

23

490000

79860

90000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

73

28

499999

80204

120000

Terrible

Stable

-

36

21

499999

13413

-

-

-

-

-

304

32

WDB

500000

329099

320000

Normal

Stable

-

-

79

45

Brighteyes' Lavender
Egg of Anticipation

BeLEoA

500000

55555

250000

Terrible

Stable

-

39

10

Icedagger

ID

500000

137267

230000

Terrible

Stable

-

56

29

Dethroned Ruler of
the Universe

Deth

500000

27224

190000

Terrible

Stable

-

24

15

Glorious Pink Party
Queen

GPPQ

500000

31352

170000

Terrible

Stable

-

23

10

Periastron Gamma
Arctic Commando
Masked Hood of the
All Hallows Warlock
DJ Money
Poisoned Horns of
the Toxic Wasteland
Red Ice Crown
Glorious Purple Party
Queen
WC Ultimates:
Sugilite Satisfaction
Doge Bunny
Elven Prince
Crimsonwrath, Lord
of Entropy
Goldlika: Hero
Bastet: The Cat
Goddess
Seeking Sea King
Immortal Sword:
Future Falchion
Green Ice Crown
Immortal Sword:
Celtic Blade
Neon Pink Trihawk
Royal Agate Egg of
Beautiful Dreams
JurasSICK Cap

-

-

-

8-Bit Immortal
Sword: The Pixel
Maker
SFOTH IV Crown of
Fire
Dark Cerulean
Crown of
Ozymandias
Hot Spot
Ornate Back Katana
of Illusion

Ornate

New Sheriff in Town
Agonizingly White

➤

Bucket of Ultimate
Doom

Glorious Cyan Party

GCPQ

500000

41530

130000

Terrible

Stable

-

37

9

DwD

500000

19215

120000

Terrible

Stable

-

60

30

VB

500000

115281

120000

Terrible

Stable

-

37

22

Onyx

500000

148646

110000

Terrible

Stable

52

19

ECC

500000

57106

55000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

95

49

500000

13086

-

-

-

-

-

253

44

Yum

540000

468414

430000

High

Stable

-

-

952

223

BBCWS

540000

312279

320000

Normal

Stable

-

-

68

49

GBC

540000

113699

300000

Low

Stable

-

53

30

xMax

555555

101601

250000

Terrible

Stable

-

32

18

OmNom

555555

69769

250000

Terrible

Stable

-

40

21

Sean's

555555

55876

180000

Terrible

Stable

-

27

15

555555

13550

-

-

-

-

-

126

12

Benthic

587555

98144

-

-

-

-

139

23

VotF

588869

378260

390000

Normal

Lowering -

-

227

139

Sapphire

589000

174646

390000

Normal

Unstable

-

72

38

Tattletale

TT

600000

321228

400000

Normal

Unstable

-

213

62

Crimson Warlord

CW

600000

46047

160000

Terrible

Stable

-

69

16

Baron von Bot

BVB

600000

76969

-

-

-

77

19

Enth

618033

92337

190000

Terrible

Stable

-

67

13

Transient Harmonica

Harm

627997

442540

430000

Normal

Stable

-

632

186

Venomshank

VS

642009

207813

250000

Terrible

Stable

-

75

45

Sorcus

649696

76356

140000

Terrible

Stable

-

29

14

Frozen

650000

612143

530000

High

Stable

-

991

480

Chair Racing Intern

CRI

650000

149943

320000

Terrible

Stable

-

30

14

A Dark Presence

ADP

666665

103270

160000

Terrible

Stable

-

62

31

Emo King

EK

666666

75774

150000

Terrible

Stable

-

70

24

NPCC

666666

46050

150000

Terrible

Stable

-

41

22

Geisha

666666

68214

90000

Terrible

Stable

-

56

24

Ghostfire Sword

666666

34354

-

Terrible

-

-

-

92

27

Oven Monster

666666

24288

-

-

-

-

-

147

33

Camera Obscura

666666

9044

-

-

-

-

-

218

30

669000

778171

640000

High

Stable

-

-

755

319

Queen
Dreamwalker's
Dagger
Immortal Sword:
Venom's Bite
Onyx Immortal
Sword
Emerald Crystal
Circlet
Cardinal Fedora
Yum!
Bombastic
Clockwork Shades
Agonizingly Green
Bucket of Cheer
The Dread Visage of
xMaximusx
Crown of Om Nom
Nom
Uncle Sean's Top Hat
Mo' horns Helmet
Benthic Deephunter
Viscount of the
Federation
CW Ultimate:
Sapphire Serenity

Enthroned Ruler of
the Universe

Sorcus' Lightning
Fedora
Frozen Horns of the
Frigid Planes

Neon Purple Crazy
Crown

➤

Vengeful Geisha

Fiery Horns of the
Netherworld

Fiery

-

-

-

-

Crimsonwrath, Duke

CDoD

679555

47322

60000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

88

36

Dual Illumina

DI

696000

244303

400000

Low

Stable

-

-

139

49

Dominus Praefectus

Prae

699996

584412

530000

High

Stable

-

-

694

331

Garnet

699999

273404

450000

Low

Stable

-

63

39

SH

712069

152341

330000

Terrible

Stable

-

49

35

728555

27508

-

-

-

-

115

17

FC

750000

478889

330000

Low

Stable

-

41

27

Aken

750000

76894

280000

Terrible

Stable

-

39

20

Baroness

800000

365412

460000

Normal

Stable

-

100

59

Roman

800000

54000

160000

Terrible

Stable

-

22

10

Subarctic
Commando

SaC

840000

284001

610000

Normal

Stable

-

150

59

Windforce

WF

849998

150768

280000

Terrible

Stable

-

46

28

859999

724555

-

-

-

-

57

28

875454

23698

60000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

98

31

Beta

880000

121030

200000

Terrible

Stable

-

55

30

Collision

885555

40699

95000

Terrible

Stable

-

37

17

Mags

888888

353380

490000

Terrible

Stable

-

41

24

EoE

899999

424177

450000

Low

Stable

-

52

22

SS

899999

106004

130000

Terrible

Stable

-

39

24

WWS

900000

243078

190000

Terrible

Stable

-

37

16

910000

17761

-

-

-

-

-

289

34

CWHP

939999

842979

700000

Amazing

Stable

-

-

1337

450

Ghosdeeri

Ghos

949999

615177

630000

Normal

Stable

-

-

223

109

Dr. Ishmael

Ish

969696

469375

400000

Normal

Stable

-

-

83

35

Yellow Glowing Eyes

YGE

985000

591083

630000

Normal

Stable

-

-

63

33

EWD

998888

46846

75000

Terrible

Stable

-

68

52

BSDC

998999

454379

530000

Normal

Stable

-

180

83

GSW

999000

237311

350000

Low

Stable

-

64

41

RQR

999999

383991

600000

Normal

Unstable

-

66

48

EoC

999999

360488

500000

Low

Stable

-

58

24

Emerald

999999

126301

430000

Normal

Stable

-

48

26

Chronew

999999

63130

250000

Terrible

Stable

-

21

17

of Danger

WC Ultimates Garnet Gratitude
Scary Hood
Skeleton King's Face
Mask
The Fire Crown
Headdress of AkenAten, the Sun King
Disgraced Baroness
of the Federation

-

-

Parallel Universe
Roman Empire
Centurion Helmet

Carolina Herrera
Floral Dress -

-

Klossette
Metal Horus
Spec Beta Biograft
Energy Sword
Collision Top Hat
Magnaspectro
Inspectors
Eyes of
Emeraldwrath
Immortal Sword:
Skull Slayer
Wanwood Sombrero
Ultraman
Clockwork's
Headphones

Emeraldwrath
Dragon
Bluesteel Domino
Crown
): Green Sidewinder
CW Ultimate: Rose

➤

Quartz Rebellion
Eyes of
Crimsonwrath
CW Ultimate:
Emerald Entropy
Chronoinitium: The
Harbinger Helm

-

Red Erikson's Lament REL

999999

74416

200000

Terrible

Stable

-

58

32

999999

87515

-

-

-

-

-

107

23

DHoP

1000000

567393

750000

Normal

Stable

-

-

200

76

Ruby

1000000

398564

650000

Normal

Stable

-

57

34

PRS

1000000

383507

550000

Low

Stable

-

87

42

BMV

1000000

22834

320000

Terrible

Stable

-

33

13

STHT

1000000

325354

190000

Low

Stable

-

66

31

1000000

9411

-

-

-

-

-

543

59

Robber Baron Top
Hat

Robber Baron 1099999

34522

90000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

69

28

Red Crown of
Ozymandias

Rozy

1150000

81846

250000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

79

30

Eyes of Azurewrath

EoA

1299999

382936

460000

Low

Stable

-

35

14

Tasteful Top Hat

Tasteful

1333337

30235

120000

Terrible

Stable

-

27

9

Vlad the Impaler, IV

Vlad

1333337

54191

110000

Terrible

Stable

-

57

19

Duke of the Fallen
Federation

DotFF

1410000

403539

800000

Low

Stable

-

48

30

Black Iron King of
the Night

BIKotN

1428571

815903

1100000

High

Stable

-

-

88

50

Iron Octopus

1428571

84500

-

-

-

-

-

98

10

Captain Universe

1428571

26010

-

-

-

-

268

36

Arborist's Verdant
Egg of Leafyness
Dark Horns of
Pwnage
CW Ultimate: Ruby
Rapture
Pastel Rainbow
Shaggy
The Bull Moose
Vengence

-

Sparkle Time Happy
Time Magic Flower
Hat

➤

Classic Green
Mohawk

Firebrand

FB

1499941

265899

260000

Terrible

Stable

-

49

28

Chronomalum: The
Wicked Helm

Malum

1499999

119090

490000

Terrible

Stable

-

26

19

Vaiobot's
Moneylicious Tie

Vaio

1499999

28494

400000

Terrible

Stable

-

46

31

Sword Cane

SC

1500000

342574

950000

Terrible

Stable

-

34

15

Real Electric Stunnas

RECS

1500000

509841

350000

Terrible

Stable

-

21

15

CW Ultimate:
Amethyst Addiction

Amethyst

1600000

267109

420000

Normal

Stable

-

-

74

38

The Void Star

Void

1700000

1893661

1400000

Amazing

Stable

-

-

763

248

WC Ultimates: Pink
Diamond Distraction

PDD

1700000

366193

820000

Normal

Stable

-

57

33

Crescendo, The Soul
Stealer

Cres

1750000

297662

600000

Terrible

Stable

-

45

23

Scytheface: The
Sharpest One

Scythe

1757575

60828

320000

Terrible

Stable

-

45

34

American Cowboy

Americow

1777776

34599

70000

Terrible

Stable

-

109

37

Green Bow Tie

GBTie

1800000

427039

600000

Terrible

Stable

-

68

45

Amethyst Periastron
Kappa

Kappa

1800000

153186

270000

Low

Stable

-

-

68

29

Clockwork's Shades

CWS

1849999

1310286

1100000

Amazing

Stable

-

-

364

159

Tix Shaggy

Taggy

1900000

1825361

800000

Terrible

Stable

-

28

13

-

Mighty Mask of Zeus
Spec Epsilon Biograft
Energy Sword
Dominus Vespertilio
Helm of the Great
Tree
Green Glowing Eyes
Viscountess of the
Federation
Rainbow Periastron
Omega

MMoZ

1900000

95617

460000

Terrible

Stable

-

15

10

Epsilon

1998768

136693

400000

Terrible

Stable

-

37

18

Vesp

1999969

1236749

1150000

High

Stable

-

254

131

TH

1999999

121901

190000

Terrible

Stable

-

51

25

GGE

2000000

511979

850000

Normal

Stable

-

-

66

32

VCotF

2000000

527669

400000

Normal

Stable

-

74

51

RP

2000000

271318

380000

Low

Stable

-

53

34

2066666

25352

-

-

-

-

-

88

19

2199999

1251936

1200000

High

Stable

-

-

281

121

2222222

69708

-

-

-

-

-

159

9

Lovestruck Robot
Sparkle Time Fedora

STF

Enraged Monkey
Droid
Sinister King

SK

2222222

39932

60000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

99

17

Pirate Vision

PRV

2222222

29319

50000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

101

35

Interstellar Wings

Stellars

2300000

415962

750000

Low

Stable

-

40

28

Retros

2444443

94609

750000

Terrible

Stable

-

30

13

Rbad

2498999

363223

920000

Low

Stable

-

65

45

ADotF

2499999

476765

1100000

Low

Stable

-

41

29

Cultural Item

CI

2499999

243029

290000

Terrible

Stable

-

21

8

): Star Tailslide

TS

2500000

449409

1150000

Terrible

Stable

-

30

18

Ghostwalker

GW

2500000

424197

1150000

Terrible

Stable

-

40

17

Tixvalk

TV

2500000

1755613

900000

Low

Stable

-

72

44

Hooded Spacelord

HSL

2500000

228572

700000

Terrible

Stable

-

28

14

Knightmare

KM

2500000

40598

240000

Terrible

Stable

-

35

21

Red Void Star

RV

2645999

2132224

1650000

Normal

Stable

-

75

50

Tela

2999997

320841

530000

Terrible

Stable

-

63

30

BSF

2999998

739929

1250000

Normal

Stable

-

50

21

LotT

2999999

1393897

1500000

Low

Stable

-

23

14

NPiCC

2999999

139714

100000

Terrible

Stable

-

22

11

WSTF

3000000

1713124

1500000

High

Stable

-

135

70

The Ice Crown

IC

3000000

537623

700000

Low

Stable

-

60

25

Tasteless Shades

TLS

3333333

198063

1050000

Terrible

Stable

-

24

9

LotV

3333333

199909

450000

Terrible

Stable

-

51

26

): Red Grind

RG

3750000

497128

1250000

Terrible

Stable

-

26

20

Wings of Liberty

WoL

3750000

107875

1150000

Terrible

Stable

-

11

10

Baron

3751111

658245

1500000

Low

Stable

-

31

21

Retro 80s
Headphones
Rbadam's
Smokestack Top Hat
Archduchess of the
Federation

Telamonster: the
Chaos Edge
Bluesteel Fedora
Lord of the
Tixeration
Neon Pink Crazy
Crown
White Sparkle Time
Fedora

Azurewrath, Lord of
the Void

➤

-

Disgraced Baron of
the Federation

-

-

-

Illumina

Ill

3999998

456021

750000

Terrible

Stable

-

52

26

Red Domino Crown

RDC

4000000

1325706

1400000

Normal

Stable

-

110

54

Byte

4000000

56583

110000

Terrible

Stable

-

35

23

Rex

4900000

2678399

2400000

Normal

Stable

-

106

52

GR

5000000

1523890

1900000

Terrible

Stable

-

11

5

DS

5000000

149455

750000

Terrible

Stable

-

20

13

Old Glory Wings

OGW

5000000

135057

150000

Terrible

Stable

-

30

13

Dominus Messor

Messor

5300000

2611030

2400000

Normal

Stable

-

102

63

DuotF

5555555

382338

1350000

Low

Stable

-

24

13

PiSTF

6000000

3565262

2500000

Normal

Stable

-

35

26

EotF

6666666

639426

2200000

Low

Stable

-

25

19

): Purple Indy

Indy

6666666

316498

1250000

Terrible

Stable

-

31

16

Crazy Crown

CrCr

6969696

38190

200000

Terrible

Stable

-

33

24

Blackvalk

BV

6999999

5300147

3600000

Normal

Stable

-

79

48

CotF

7000000

690341

2500000

Terrible

Stable

-

16

9

Patriot

7000000

364568

700000

Terrible

Stable

-

13

11

7011862

63017

140000

Terrible

Stable

-

66

26

Aur

7300000

3643836

2050000

Normal

Stable

-

105

68

SA

7499998

150000

400000

Terrible

Stable

-

33

14

DDH

8000000

367587

900000

Low

Stable

-

49

27

8383838

134425

60000

Terrible

Stable

-

57

13

8499500

22973

-

-

-

230

64

TSTF

8499899

1357500

2000000

Normal

Stable

-

44

30

BSTF

8500000

2066523

3200000

Normal

Stable

-

30

22

Enchanted Ruler

8888888

37882

-

-

-

-

101

19

Sparkle Time Valkyrie STV

9500000

1980926

2800000

Normal

Stable

-

28

18

Dominus Pittacium

Tix Dom

9999999

7028998

4000000

Low

Stable

-

22

16

Emerald Valkyrie

EV

10000000

3808846

4600000

Normal

Stable

-

20

17

Red Glowing Eyes

RGE

10000000

979642

1450000

Normal

Stable

-

55

36

BSB

10000000

377053

1150000

Low

Stable

-

19

10

SBSTF

10977769

2405086

3000000

Normal

Stable

-

38

27

Chronold

11111111

240524

700000

Terrible

Stable

-

19

14

PSTF

13000000

4703820

5200000

Normal

Stable

-

34

26

TMH

14206969

696670

1900000

Terrible

Stable

-

15

11

8-Bit Immortal
Sword: Venom's Byte
Dominus Rex
The Golden
Robloxian
Masked Hood of the
Doomspeaker

Duchess of the
Federation
Pink Sparkle Time
Fedora
Earl of the
Federation

Countess of the
Federation
Goldlika: Patriot
Flag
Dominus Aureus
Steampunk
Aetherspectacles
Dual Darkhearts
Blue Mystic Advisor
Crystal Blade:
Amethyst Attack
Teal Sparkle Time
Fedora
Black Sparkle Time
Fedora

Bluesteel Bling $$
Necklace
Sky Blue Sparkle

➤

Time Fedora
Chronoterminus: the
Epochalypse Helm
Purple Sparkle Time
Fedora
Telamon Hair

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Midnight Blue

MBSTF

19876543

3327353

5300000

Normal

Stable

-

31

22

RT

19999999

2577028

3800000

Low

Stable

-

22

7

AotF

20000000

2008237

4800000

Terrible

Stable

-

11

9

The Crown of Roses

CoR

21212121

799288

2500000

Terrible

Stable

-

13

10

): Euro 180

Euro

22222222

859086

4000000

Terrible

Stable

-

11

6

Skeleton Lord

SL

22222222

82231

1100000

Terrible

Stable

-

45

40

Starry

25000000

350000

2500000

Terrible

Stable

-

5

1

GRMVA

29999999

187378

800000

Terrible

Stable

-

23

13

VW

29999999

215166

400000

Terrible

Stable

-

5

4

SQL

30000000

3599998

4000000

Terrible

Stable

-

8

7

OSTF

30000000

6969690

3000000

Normal

Stable

44

34

Skyfleet

30000000

66184

260000

Terrible

Stable

-

26

8

RSTF

33333000

6013957

6800000

Normal

Stable

-

12

10

Red Wrath

44444444

31137

100000

Terrible

Stable

-

64

39

PM

55555555

368215

450000

Terrible

Stable

-

63

52

Kleos

69696969

0

5500000

Terrible

Stable

-

7

4

DotF

69696969

1077591

4500000

Low

Stable

-

7

6

RB

69696969

145968

550000

Terrible

Stable

-

40

26

Wulf

69696969

130175

420000

Normal

Stable

-

45

24

LaotF

79999999

1055760

5500000

Terrible

Stable

-

0

0

Dominus Infernus

Inf

88888888

1973087

10000000 Terrible

Stable

-

10

9

Crazy Glasses

CG

88888888

29006

75000

Terrible

Stable

-

64

34

Dominus Astra

Astra

99999999

14321557 12000000 Terrible

Stable

-

10

10

Bling $$ Necklace

Bling

99999999

939382

4000000

Terrible

Stable

-

10

8

Memento Mori

MM

99999999

83367

2000000

Terrible

Stable

-

8

5

99999999

253198

180000

Terrible

Stable

-

47

20

RS

10000000…

3928213

6500000

Low

Stable

-

16

14

Chi

11111111…

46607

-

Terrible

-

-

102

34

Darkheart

DH

12345678…

1399050

2800000

Terrible

Stable

-

23

9

Pieface Jellyfreckles

Pieface

13333333…

181273

65000

Low

Stable

140

35

EST

29999999…

576204

6500000

Terrible

Stable

-

3

3

Dominus Frigidus

Frig

33333333…

28059680 19000000 Terrible

Stable

-

7

7

Dominus Empyreus

Emp

40000000…

13577229 15000000 Terrible

Stable

-

7

6

Ultra Commando

UC

40000000…

0

-

-

0

0

Sparkle Time Fedora
Red Tango
Archduke of the
Federation

Living Art: Starry
Night
Gold ROBLOX Music
Video Award
Voidwrath
Red Bandana of SQL
Injection
Orange Sparkle Time
Fedora
Admiral of the Royal
Skyfleet
Red Sparkle Time
Fedora
Crimsonwrath: The
Red Wrath
Immortal Sword: The
Piece Maker
The Kleos Aphthiton
Duke of the
Federation
Red Balloon
CW Ultimate:
Wulfinite Will
Lady of the
Federation

8-Bit Mr. Tentacles
Rainbow Shaggy
Spec Chi Biograft
Energy Sword

➤

Eccentric Shop
Teacher

-

-

-

-

Linked Sword

LS

42042042…

392433

1000000

Terrible

Stable

-

34

18

Steampunk Bobbie

Bobbie

61331133…

10174

750000

Terrible

Stable

-

22

12

LotF

61803398…

1277922

10000000 Terrible

Stable

-

4

2

WCUAA

61803398…

1004194

1500000

Terrible

Stable

-

10

7

Dark Assassin

DA

61803398…

81699

1300000

Terrible

Stable

-

11

10

Gaze of Socom1880

Socom

61803398…

84516

1000000

Terrible

Stable

-

15

10

Dual Venomshanks

DVS

61803398…

279691

500000

Terrible

Stable

-

34

12

AGB

61803398…

77492

200000

Terrible

Stable

-

35

12

Bling Boy's Raiment

BBR

61803399…

100398

2100000

Terrible

Stable

-

4

4

Steampunkoneer

Steampunks

69696942…

104088

220000

Terrible

Stable

-

43

13

Ivory Periastron

Ivory Peri

77777777…

229944

350000

Low

Stable

-

44

21

RW

99999999…

75055

95000

Terrible

Stable

-

38

18

FS

99999999…

199909

460000

Low

Stable

-

46

28

Noctis

99999999…

166551

340000

Terrible

Stable

-

22

15

FRC

99999999…

64551

320000

Terrible

Stable

-

33

25

Bonum

99999999…

70463

200000

Terrible

Stable

-

40

24

Cthulhu

Cth

77777777…

144992

260000

Terrible

Stable

-

61

27

Ops Warrior

Ops

31415926…

145954

500000

Terrible

Stable

-

15

14

Moon Seeing Stars

MSS

99999999…

272550

370000

Terrible

Stable

-

59

21

Domino Crown

DC

12312312…

5726071

6000000

Terrible

Stable

-

6

5

CotUH

13371337…

47868

420000

Terrible

Stable

-

49

26

Hooded Frostlord

HFL

98888888…

104161

400000

Terrible

Stable

-

33

17

Eerie Pumpkin Head

Eerie

98888888…

2275664

4800000

Terrible

Stable

-

8

6

CTS

98888888…

50371

1700000

Terrible

Stable

-

6

6

Double Platinum DJ

DPDJ

98888888…

581160

1200000

Terrible

Stable

-

18

10

): Gold Ollie

Ollie

98888888…

354081

850000

Terrible

Stable

-

21

9

Hooded Firelord

HFiL

98888888…

65899

300000

Terrible

Stable

-

20

15

EH

98888888…

78387

170000

Terrible

Stable

-

61

24

PTS

99999999…

67722

600000

Terrible

Stable

-

30

22

WWC

-

492113

8000000

Terrible

Stable

-

1

0

GSTF

-

2143682

4000000

Normal

Stable

-

39

25

Tough Guy Cap

TGC

-

306704

1800000

Terrible

Stable

-

10

10

Decklace

Deck

-

640600

1700000

Terrible

Stable

-

18

14

Antenna Antlers

AA

-

145650

1400000

Terrible

Stable

-

0

0

Umadbro?

Umad

-

45713

1000000

Terrible

Stable

-

21

16

Lord of the
Federation
WC Ultimates:
Aquamarine Attitude

The Azure Gate
Bridge

Rainbowrath: The
Avenger
:( Front Stand
Chrononoctis : The
Ominous Helm
Fire Ruby Crest
Chronobonum: The
Blessed Helm

Crown of the
Undead Hoard

Crimson Thug
Shades

Helm of the Sacred
Earth
Peach Thug Shades
The Wanwood
Crown
Green Sparkle Time

➤

Fedora

Chrysophylax

Chryso

-

256481

800000

Terrible

Stable

-

20

13

Bharama Guardian

Bhar

-

34471

800000

Terrible

Stable

-

18

7

Gold Spartan

GS

-

114684

700000

Terrible

Stable

-

9

8

NYC

-

90011

550000

Terrible

Stable

-

8

5

RSB

-

41022

550000

Terrible

Stable

-

32

21

NGCC

-

39575

270000

Terrible

Stable

-

9

7

-

200000

-

-

-

-

0

0

-

23

11

New Years Crown
2012
Redspybot
Neon Green Crazy
Crown
White Assassin Hood
GoldLika: STAR

Star

-

159259

200000

Terrible

Stable

Galaxy Emperor

GE

-

60712

100000

Terrible

Stable

-

-

64

10

-

100000

-

-

-

-

-

0

0

-

55793

80000

Terrible

Stable

-

44

11

-

50000

-

-

-

-

-

0

0

Dark Knight Helmet

-

50000

-

-

-

-

-

8

6

Bowling Crown

-

7841

-

-

-

-

-

0

0

Derp Face

-

6985

-

-

-

-

-

0

0
